Your guide to a better future. Get the best over-ear headphones for you and your ears. While a lot of folks are gravitating toward compact true-wireless earbuds, full-size over-ear or "around-the-ear" headphones remain quite popular. Most of the over-ear headphones on this list are wireless Bluetooth headphones that feature active noise canceling (some but not all wireless headphones also come with a cable for wired listening), but I've also included a handful of wired-only over-ear headphones for audio purists looking for great sound. When selecting the best over-ear headphones for this list, I considered factors such as build quality, comfort and sound quality, as well as noise-canceling and voice-calling performance. This list is regularly updated as more over-ear headphones hit the market. Here's what I added in my most recent update: the Sennheiser Momentum Wireless 4, Sennheiser 660S2, Sony CH-720N, 1More SonoFlow, Focal Bathys, Bowers & Wilkins PX7 S2 and Master & Dynamic MW75. There's a lot of debate around this question, and it's hard to name one single model as the best overall over-ear headphone. But a few models do stand out a bit from the rest of the pack, including the Sony WH-1000XM5 and Apple's AirPods Max (for iPhone users). For sound quality in a wireless over-ear headphone, the Focal Bathys are hard to beat, but they cost $799. Read more: Best Headphones for 2023: Our Top Overall Picks. Over-ear wireless headphones. Yes, they're expensive, but the AirPods Max deliver richer, more detailed sound than lower-priced competitors from Bose and Sony. They also feature arguably the best noise cancellation on the market, along with premium build quality and Apple's virtual surround-sound spatial audio feature for video watching. While they're heavy, they manage to be surprisingly comfortable, though I did have to adjust the mesh canopy headband to sit a little more forward on my head to get a comfortable secure fit when I was out walking with them. They should fit most heads well, but there will be exceptions. Read our Apple AirPods Max review. Over-ear wireless headphones. When you have a product that a lot of people love, change can be risky. Such is the case for Sony's WH-1000XM5, the fifth generation of the 1000X series headphones, which were first released in 2016 as the MDR-1000X Wireless and have become increasingly popular as they've improved with each generation. Over the years, Sony has made some tweaks to the design, but nothing as dramatic as what it's done with the WH-1000XM5. Other than the higher $400 price tag ($50 more than the WH-1000XM4), most of those changes are good, and Sony's made some dramatic improvements with voice-calling performance as well as even better noise canceling and more refined sound. Read our Sony WH-1000XM5 review. The design of 1More's SonoFlow headphones reminds me a little of some earlier Sony headphones and also the newer Sennheiser Momentum Wireless 4. They're a bit generic looking but sleek enough and more importantly, comfortable to wear. They also feature very respectable sound quality. While it doesn't quite measure up to the sound quality of what'll get with more premium models like the Momentum Wireless 4, it isn't that far off. The SonoFlow headphones deliver smooth sound with good clarity and relatively well-defined bass (they're just not quite as rich or dynamic sounding as those premium models I mentioned). They also have support for the LDAC audio codec. The noise canceling is a step down from what Sony and Bose models offer, but it does a decent job of muffling ambient sound and there is a transparency mode. Voice-calling performance is similarly solid but unspectacular. Note that you can use this in wired mode with the included cable but the noise canceling only works in wireless mode, which is an issue for frequent flyers who like some noise canceling when plugging into an in-flight entertainment system. Sony's improved entry-level noise canceling headphones, the CH-720Ns, have a bit of a plastic-y budget vibe, but they're lightweight and very comfortable. Part of me was expecting them to sound pretty mediocre, but I was pleasantly surprised. No, they don't sound as good as the WH-1000XM5s. But they sound more premium than they look (and feel), and their overall performance is a nice step up from their predecessor, the CH-710Ns. Are they worth $150? Maybe -- or maybe not. But the good news is that, like the CH-710N and WH-XB910 before them, these should see some nice discounts in the not-so-distant future, which is what you may want to wait for. Read our Sony CH-720N review. Over-ear wireless headphones. The Bose QuietComfort 45 essentially looks the same as its popular predecessor, the QuietComfort 35 II, with the biggest design difference being a USB-C port in place of the older Micro-USB. (At 238 grams, the QC45 weighs just 3 grams more than the QC35, which should be imperceptible.) And while the Bose 700 has plenty of fans, a lot of people (including me) think this QuietComfort design is slightly more comfortable and the headphones fold up and fold flat. It's arguably the most comfortable pair of headphones out there. They also sound very similar to the QC 35 II, with no change to the drivers. Where you'll see an improvement is with the noise cancellation (there's a transparency mode), which very well could be the best out right now. According to Bose, there's a new electronics package that powers the new ANC system, which now better muffles "unwanted sounds in the midrange frequencies" (voices) that you'd "typically find on commuter trains, busy office spaces and cafes.". I found that to be true and give these the slight edge over both the Headphones 700 and Sony WH-1000XM4 for noise canceling. That said, you can't adjust the level of noise canceling like you can with those models, which offer a more robust feature set, particularly the Sony. You also can't tweak the sound in the app; there's no equalizer settings. The headset performance has also improved, with better noise reduction during calls. And these offer multipoint Bluetooth pairing. That means you can pair the QC45 with two devices simultaneously -- such as a smartphone and PC -- and switch audio as needed. They're equipped with Bluetooth 5.1 and support the widely compatible AAC audio codec but not AptX. While these have advantages over the Headphones 700 and Sony WH-1000XM4 and do sound quite good, those models sound slightly better: The 700 is slightly more natural sounding and tuned more for audiophiles, while the Sony has more dynamic bass. So that makes choosing between these three models that much more difficult. Sennheiser's previous-generation Momentum Wireless headphones have always had a pretty distinct look that was part retro, part modern, and stood out for the exposed metal on their headband. For better or worse, that's all gone now, and the new Momentum 4 Wireless, Sennheiser's flagship noise-canceling headphones, look a bit more subdued and also a bit more like some of their competitors. The Momentum 4 Wireless offers superior performance over the Momentum 3 Wireless in every regard, though the biggest gains are with noise canceling and voice-calling performance as well as battery life, which is outstanding -- up to 60 hours at moderate volume levels. There's also a transparency mode that allows ambient sound in, as well as the ability to create a custom sound profile in the Smart Control app for iOS and Android using the built-in EQ, sound modes and a new Sound Personalization feature that "assesses the user's listening preferences and adjusts the listening experience according to their taste.". Equipped with 42mm drivers, Sennheiser says the Momentum 4 Wireless offer "best-in-class" sound, which is debatable. I'd say the Momentum 4's sound quality is right there with other models in this price range -- they sound excellent, with the requisite well-defined, punchy bass, relatively wide soundstage (they sound pretty open) and smooth treble that brings out some of the finer details in well-recorded tracks. They're a pleasure to listen to. Read our Sennheiser Momentum 4 Wireless first look. Over-ear wireless headphones. Premium noise-canceling headphones tend to cost more than $300. But what if you're on a tight budget -- what's your best option for noise-canceling over-ear headphones? As far as sound, comfort level and build quality, you'd be hard-pressed to do better than Anker's SoundCore Life Q30 for the money. They don't quite have the same clarity or bass definition as some of the top premium models, but they're less than a third of the price and get you about 75% of the way there in terms of sound: It's well-balanced overall with punchy bass, and there's an app that allows you to tweak the sound. The noise canceling is good for the price, though not up to the level of the Sony WH-1000XM4 or Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700. Battery life is rated at an impressive 40 hours with USB-C charging. The only area where the Q30 headphones fall a little short is voice calls. They pick up your voice fine in quieter environments, but they just don't reduce background noise all that well. Compared with the step-down Q20, the Q30 headphones do offer improved sound (it's not a huge difference, but it definitely is a notch up) and a more premium design. Over-ear wired headphones. We were fans of Beyerdynamic's earlier DT 770 Pro headphones. The new DT 700 X is easier to drive than the 770 Pro, thanks to the company's new STELLAR.45 sound transducer with an impedance of 48 ohms, so it plays better with smartphones, tablets and laptops without requiring a headphone amp. The headphone is targeted at content creators who want accurate audio reproduction, but it's a bit more dynamic sounding and less bass shy than many studio headphones, which tend to restrain the bass and hew toward a very neutral sound profile. The DT 700 X is a revealing, clean-sounding headphone that offers invitingly open sound (particularly for a closed-back headphone) and makes you realize what you're missing after listening to similarly priced Bluetooth headphones. Unlike the earlier DT 770 Pro, which is being sold at a nice discount (around $160), the DT 700 X comes with two interchangeable (detachable) straight cables in different lengths, and the DT 700 X arguably has a little cleaner look than its predecessor. The solidly built headphone -- it weighs 350 grams -- is quite comfortable, featuring upgraded soft, velour-covered memory foam earpads that offer decent passive noise isolation. The earpads and the headphones' other parts are replaceable, Beyerdynamic says. Beyerdynamic also sells the open-back DT 900 X for the same price. That model should provide slightly more open, airy sound but the big drawback is people around you can hear whatever you're listening to -- and sound also leaks in. This closed-back version is more versatile. French audio company Focal is known for its high-end speakers and headphones. You might call it the Bowers & Wilkins of France. And now it's finally done what a lot of high-end audio companies have had to do in this age of on-the-go wireless music listening: make active noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones. Over three years in development, the Bathys cost $799 and feature not only wireless connectivity but a built-in DAC (digital-to-analog converter) for USB wired listening with any computer, smartphone or tablet with USB-C. They are easily one of the best-sounding wireless headphones. Read our Focal Bathys first take. While the Sennheiser 660S2 may seem expensive, it's one of the more affordable true audiophile headphones, sharing the same design as its predecessor, the 660S. The changes are all on the inside, with improved airflow and upgraded drivers that include a new ultralight aluminum voice coil. This leads to better sound, with the bass adding more depth and definition, while the treble gains a bit more clarity and sizzle (the very natural-sounding mids remain pretty much unchanged as far as I can tell). The soundstage also seems more spacious and airy -- yes, these are open-back headphones so they do leak sound. Note that the 660S2 requires some extra power to drive (it's now a 300-ohm headphone), so you'll want to pair it with a dedicated headphone amplifier. I did manage to use it with an iPhone but plugged it into an AudioQuest Dragonfly USB DAC/Amp designed for use with iPhones (there's also a version for Android smartphones). It sounded great listening to high-resolution tracks from Qobuz, the music streaming service. Audiophile headphones usually have a very neutral sound profile, but the 660S2 doesn't suffer from being overly so. It mixes in just enough excitement while also managing to sound really clean and smooth. It's also a comfortable headphone, though some people with larger heads have complained that it feels a bit too tight on their heads. (I have a more medium-size head and they felt good over long listening sessions.). The MW75 are Master & Dynamic's best full-size headphones yet. Needless to say, they're pricey at $599; most people will be quite satisfied with the $400 Sony WH-1000XM5s, which are lighter and more comfortable, and which deliver best-in-class voice calling and noise canceling. But the MW75's build quality is hard to beat and they offer top-notch sound for a wireless model (I thought they sounded better than Apple's AirPods Max headphones), plus strong voice-calling and noise-canceling performance. With their support for aptX Adaptive, they have additional appeal for Android users, who can get a touch better sound quality with the right setup. But I was also quite happy streaming music with my iPhone 13 Pro using the AAC codec. Read our Master & Dynamic MW75 first take. Over-Ear Wireless Headphones. Edifier makes some good-sounding PC speakers and true-wireless earbuds, and it's done a nice job with its W820NB noise-canceling headphones. The first thing you'll notice about them when you put them on is that they're comfortable -- the earpads are nicely cushioned and the headphones fit snugly on your head. They also sound good for their price, offering just enough clarity and decent bass performance. Their sound didn't blow me away, but I was fine listening to these headphones for a while; they sound pretty pleasant. There's also an ambient mode that lets outside sound in and a low-latency gaming mode. They're decent enough for voice calling and battery life is pretty impressive, with up to 49 hours on a single charge at moderate volume levels (and noise canceling off). A couple of things are missing. There's no carrying case or headphone jack -- they're Bluetooth only. But the 820NB headphones are still a good value. Available in three color options (gray, blue and black), Bowers & Wilkins PX7 S2 headphones offer some significant improvements over the first-generation version. Not only are these headphones more comfortable -- they tip the scales at 307 grams -- but they sound better and have better noise-canceling and voice-calling performance with improved noise reduction. I don't necessarily think they're a better option than the lighter and even more comfortable Sony WH-1000XM5. But the PX7 S2 certainly looks and feels luxurious, with its sturdy design, and delivers very good sound with better voice-calling performance thanks to an upgraded microphone setup. Bowers & Wilkins has also released a step-up model, the PX8, that features even better sound but costs significantly more. Read our Bowers & Wilkins PX7 S2 first take. Over-ear wireless headphones. Bang & Olufsen's Beoplay HX headphones are the successor to the company's H9 series headphones (the X is the Roman numeral 10) and, like those earlier H9 models, the HX headphones carry a list price of $500 (some colors are discounted at Amazon). That price makes it a direct competitor of Apple's AirPods Max, which are heavier at 385 grams versus the HX's 285 grams. I don't know if the HX headphones are more comfortable than the AirPods Max, but I found the two models pretty equal in the comfort department over longer listening sessions, and these do feature the usual swanky B&O lambskin-covered memory foam earpads. The HX has custom 40mm drivers, Bluetooth 5.1 and support for Qualcomm's aptX Adaptive (that includes AptX HD) for high-resolution wireless streaming when you combine an aptX-enabled Android device with certain music-streaming services like Qobuz. Their sound measures up well to the AirPods Max's sound, overall well-balanced, with deep, well-defined bass, natural-sounding mids (where vocals live) and inviting detail in the treble. If you want to push the treble or bass, you can tweak the EQ in the Bang & Olufsen app for iOS and Android and give the headphones a warmer or brighter profile. While these are expensive, they offer more accurate sound than the Sony WH-1000XM4. Their noise canceling is also very good and voice-calling capabilities are also quite solid. Additionally, they offer multipoint Bluetooth pairing so you can connect them with a smartphone and PC simultaneously (Microsoft Swift Pair-enabled for Windows machines) so you can easily switch between the two. (The Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones also have this feature.) Battery life is rated at up to 35 hours with noise canceling on and 40 hours with it off. Those are excellent numbers. Earlier Bang & Olufsen models included a soft case (a pouch really), but the HX headphones come with a hard case. As I said, they're expensive, but the small improvements over earlier flagship Bang & Olufsen noise-canceling headphones help make the HX headphones a worthy alternative to the AirPods Max. Over-ear wireless headphones. There's a bit of an old-school vibe to the Technics EAH-A800 -- and it's not just the Technics brand, which Panasonic resurrected in the last few years. Their design is something of a throwback but the headphones are comfortable and both fold up and fold flat. They feature a big, energetic sound with powerful bass and good detail. However, they take a day or two to break in. They feature ear-detection sensors that automatically pause your music when you take the headphones off, as well as multipoint Bluetooth pairing, so you can connect them to two devices at the same time like a computer and smartphone. Additionally, they have support for Sony's near lossless LDAC audio codec for Bluetooth streaming that's available on certain Android devices. I mainly listened to these headphones with an Android device and the Qobuz music service, which offers high-resolution tracks. That setup offers the best possible wireless sound quality. The headphones are available in black and silver, and according to Panasonic, can deliver up to 50 hours of battery life at moderate volume with ANC on. That's excellent. The EAH-A800 also works well as a headset for making calls, with eight onboard microphones for noise reduction and voice pickup. Over-ear wired headphones. Introduced way back in 1991, the Sony MDR-7506 has long been a favorite headphone of recording engineers and other sound professionals (yes, these are wired headphones). The origins of its design date even further back, since the MDR-7506 headphones are, in fact, a refresh of the Sony MDR-V6 that rolled out in 1985. Both models were designed for the pro sound market, but remain hugely popular with consumers. While the two models have the same design and are very comfortable, they don't sound identical. Both offer very well-balanced sound and excellent clarity for their modest prices -- and both are great overall values. But the MDR-V6 headphones make a little more bass and sound more laid-back and mellow, while the 7506 headphones are leaner with a more accentuated treble range, which makes the sound a little crisper and livelier. Read our Sony MDR-7506 review. Over-ear wired headphones (listed as on-ear). Grado upgraded its entry-level line of Prestige Series wired headphones in 2022. Hand-built, the line includes the SR60x, SR80x, SR125x, SR225x and SR325x, and they're all very good at their various prices. Arguably, however, the $225 SR225x headphones hit the sweet spot if you're looking for open-back audiophile-grade headphones that won't cost you an arm and a leg. This updated model features a more durable eight-conductor cable infused with "super annealed" copper for "improved purity of the audio signal," a more comfortable headband design and updated fourth-generation 44mm drivers that further cut down on distortion and are also more energy-efficient, making them easier to drive. I not only used these headphones with an external headphone amplifier attached to my computer but with an iPhone using a Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter. They had plenty of volume when connected directly to the iPhone. Open-back headphones are supposed to produce more open sound and these do just that, with powerful, controlled bass and natural, warm-sounding mids (where vocals live) along with excellent overall clarity. Stepping up to the SRS325x should give you a little bit more bass energy, but you're not looking at a big jump in sound quality. As with any open-back headphones, these do leak some sound, so people around you can hear what you're listening to. These headphones have semisoft foam earpads that, when you first put them on, you wouldn't think would be that comfortable over longer listening sessions. But they end up being more comfortable than you'd expect and the new headband design does help in that department. For entry-level audiophile-grade headphones that cost less than $250, it's hard to do better than the SR225x. V-Moda's M-200 is one of the few wired headphones on this list. Released in late 2019, these clean and detailed sounding over-ear headphones have excellent bass response, and the cushy earcups mean they're also comfortable to wear. Featuring 50mm drivers with neodymium magnets, CCAW voice coils and fine-tuning by Roland engineers -- yes, V-Moda is now owned by Roland -- the M‑200 is Hi‑Res Audio-certified by the Japan Audio Society. Other V-Moda headphones tend to push the bass a little, but this set has the more neutral profile that you'd expect from studio monitor headphones. They come with two cords, one of which has a built-in microphone for making calls. It would be nice if V-Moda offered Lightning or USB-C cables for phones without headphone jacks. Note that last year V-Moda released the M-200 ANC ($500), a wireless version of these headphones that includes active noise canceling. They also sound great, but their noise cancellation, call quality and overall feature set don't match those of the AirPods Max. Short answer: both. Either spelling is correct, as "canceling" is more common in American English, while "cancelling" is more common in British English. CNET uses "noise canceling" since the company is based in the US, but the noise is canceled just the same, regardless of spelling. If you're looking to see what different noise-impacting technology is out there for headphones, check out our article on noise-canceling versus noise-isolating headphones, which highlights differences in function (and not just a difference in spelling).

Experience pure listening nirvana with these over-the-ear headphones. There’s a good reason sound engineers use headphones to test audio. Whether you're in a gaming session or enjoying the finer details of a chamber orchestra track — over-the-ear headphones provide the best listening experience among various audio gear. Enveloping your ears fully, they create a sealed-in box of sound around your head, rich in quality and details. And with comfortable housing, you can easily wear them for hours at a time. Wired or wireless headphones are the go-to choice when audio quality and active noise cancellation (ANC) are prime concerns. Their in-ear cousins, true wireless earbuds, can be better for high-energy activity, but headphones are made more for luxury and comfort. Modern over-ear headphones come with features such as ANC, Bluetooth pairing, and in-line or built-in microphones for calls, meetings, and online gaming. They are generally a little more expensive, although some hand-picked options offer the best bang for the buck. The Skullcandy Crusher Evo headphones are aptly named, with a bass setting that rattles your head. The 40mm drivers pump out haptic bass with rich details, while the heavy batteries run them for 40 hours straight. Controlling music and calls through the built-in buttons also work like a charm. With impressive audio performance and convenient features, the Crusher Evo are an excellent choice for music lovers on the go. The Bose 700 wireless headphones deliver a one-two punch of stellar performance with a sleek, modern design and ANC technology to block external noise. Housing a four-microphone system for clear voice pick-up, the headphones have intuitive touch controls personalized through the Bose Music app. With a battery life of 20 hours, the Bose 700 are an excellent choice for premium sound and ANC in a stylish and comfortable package. The Anker Soundcore Life Q30 are an excellent choice for budget-conscious consumers looking for decent sound quality and ANC performance. Boasting a long battery life of up to 40 hours, they feature customizable EQ settings via the Soundcore app. The headphones also have a comfortable and lightweight design, including memory foam earcups. The Beats Studio 3 are wireless headphones that deliver good sound quality and effective noise-cancellation. They come with a long battery life of up to 22 hours and feature the Apple W1 chip for seamless pairing with Apple devices. The headphones have a sleek and stylish design, with soft ear cushions and an adjustable headband for a comfortable fit. The Beats Studio 3 are a great choice for music enthusiasts looking for modern and fashionable headphones. The Sony WH-XB910N are wireless over-ear headphones that deliver powerful sound with punchy bass. They feature effective ANC backed by batteries for up to 35 hours. The headphones also offer customizable EQ settings via the Sony Headphones Connect app and convenient touch controls for easy navigation. With their impressive audio performance and solid noise-cancelling, the Sony WH-XB910N are a great choice for bass enthusiasts and commuters who want to block out external noise. The Bose QuietComfort 45 are wireless over-ear headphones that deliver exceptional noise-cancelling performance with a clear, balanced sound. The ANC adapts to your environment and is powered by a battery life of up to 24 hours. The headphones also offer customizable EQ settings through the Bose Music app and intuitive touch controls for easy operation. The Bose QuietComfort 45 are an excellent choice for frequent travelers and anyone who values a comfy, peaceful listening experience. The JBL Tune 760NC are an excellent choice for value-conscious consumers. They deliver good sound quality, with customizable EQ settings via the JBL app. They boast a long battery life (40 hours) and feature a foldable design for easy portability. Comfortable and lightweight, they have memory foam ear cushions for a snug fit. You should consider buying the JBL Tune 760NC if you're looking for budget-friendly wireless headphones with decent noise-cancelling performance. The Sennheiser Momentum 4 actually has a battery life of up to 60 hours, as claimed. Salient points include exceptional sound quality, customizable EQ settings via the Sennheiser Smart Control app, effective noise-cancellation, a stylish and durable design, and intuitive touch controls for easy operation. With its impressive audio performance and long battery life, the Momentum 4 are a great choice for music enthusiasts seeking high-end wireless headphones. The Sony WH-1000XM5 headphones are a top choice for audiophiles and frequent travelers. These premium wireless over-ear headphones have exceptional ANC performance and superb sound quality. Backed by the Sony Headphones Connect app, they also have a long battery life of up to 30 hours, customizable EQ settings, convenient touch controls, and a comfortable and stylish design with soft ear cushions and an adjustable headband. The AKG K92 are budget-friendly closed-back headphones that can serve as an affordable option for those looking for entry-level studio monitors. With its solid bass response and clear midrange, the K92s offer decent sound quality for the price point. While they may have a different level of detail and clarity than more high-end studio monitors, the K92s are a good choice for home recording, mixing, and other casual studio applications. The Shure Aonic 50 are premium wireless over-ear headphones painting exceptional sound quality with rich and detailed audio reproduction across all frequencies. The headphones bring advanced ANC with adjustable levels, while the ShurePlus PLAY app offers customizable EQ settings. With its superb audio performance, effective ANC, and high-end design and build quality, the Shure Aonic 50 are an excellent choice for audiophiles and professionals who demand the best sound quality. If you need the absolute best build quality in the market combined with a classy style, the Beoplay HX will serve you best. Lambskin earpads, oh yes! Add superior audio quality and around 30 hours of battery life, and you really have something to brag about. The ANC is excellent, while the 40mm drivers produce clear, richly detailed audio, letting you hear subtleties that you’ve never heard before. Whether wired or wireless, over-ear earphones are our best friends when we want comfort and audio quality. These needs become paramount while at home enjoying a movie or losing yourself in some great music. The solution is to use a nice pair of headphones with good ANC, large and efficient drivers with low impedance, and soft, comfy earcups. Ideally, these large cans will produce a soundstage around your head, providing the ultimate immersion. Of course, all of that has a price. Although there are some affordable headphones out there, we'd recommend you go for the Skullcandy Crusher Evo for the best balance of price and performance. While you can get what you need from the Anker Soundcore Life Q30 with its premium-like sound quality and memory-foamy comfort, you may want to splurge on the Bose 700s. There aren't any better options that match style with audio and ANC quality just that way. "It's only words / and words are all I have / to take your heart away." Swarna Karmakar from Kolkata seems to have taken the famous Bee Gees song lyrics as his career mantra. A lifetime Android user and audio/video enthusiast, Swarna specializes in writing about Android for entertainment.

Content is created by CNN Underscored’s team of editors who work independently from the CNN newsroom. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. Learn more. If you’re looking for the best sound quality and noise cancellation, and you demand all-day comfort (or you just don’t like the feel of earbuds), a great pair of over-ear wireless headphones is what you need. We’ve put the latest and greatest full-size headphones to the test, checking out sound quality, usability, comfort and features to find the best over-ear headphones for you, whether you’re looking for something to shut out the world at work, a compact travel companion or just something stylish, dependable and comfortable for everyday listening. Sony has held the top spot on our best noise-canceling headphones and continues to sit securely atop our best wireless headphones rankings as well. The WH-1000XM5’s active noise cancellation (ANC) continues to be some of the best around, turning most of the audible chaos of everyday life into a blissfully quiet hum, and when you add in the great sound and call quality, comfort, sleek design and solid app support, it adds up to a hard-to-beat package. The new model improves on the older XM4 with an improved processor and set of microphones for ANC, improved call quality, slightly faster charging time, automatic ANC optimization and a slightly sleeker design. Sound quality is as it was in the last generation — and that’s a good thing, since it was already one of the best-sounding headphones we’d tested, with rich, balanced sound that highlighted the tiniest details across all the genres we listened to during our testing, from sensitive acoustic tracks to booming pop to searing hardcore. The XM5 sound great out of the box, but you can customize them to your liking via the Sony headphones app for iOS or Android. The app’s equalizer lets you choose from a number of presets (which do things like boost the bass or provide a quieter mix), and those willing to get into the nitty-gritty can also make their own sound profiles. You can also take advantage of immersive 360 Reality Audio — Sony’s proprietary spatial audio tech that places sound all around you — on supported apps such as Tidal, Deezer and Amazon Music as well as Sony’s high-resolution LDAC streaming format. Battery life is impressive — we got 34 hours, or five straight days of all-day use, before the battery gave out. And when you do run out of juice, a quick-charge feature gets you three hours of playback time from a three-minute charge cycle. None of these features would make any difference if they weren’t comfortable to wear. And the XM5’s supple, spacious faux leather ear cups and lightweight frame make them a delight to wear throughout walks, subway rides and full days of work in the home office. They also look great, with an understated design in either black or silver that slims down the headband from the previous-gen model. It’s only a fraction of a pound lighter, but the entire design is much sleeker overall. And the slim mesh carrying case keeps the WH-1000XM5 safe when it’s time to stash them away. If you’re like most of us, if you’re considering spending upward of $300 on a set of headphones you want something that can cover all the bases: active noise cancellation, or ANC; a stable Bluetooth wireless connection that works with all of your stuff (hopefully with fast switching); support for all of your favorite audio formats; integration with the operating system you use, whether iOS or Android; and an app that lets you manage it all without too much frustration. And you need it to be comfortable to wear all day and to pack up small enough to take with you wherever you go. Luckily, most major manufacturers have been trying to hit this target for a few years now, and they’ve largely succeeded. The latest wireless flagships from Sony, Bose, Apple, Sennheiser, Bowers & Wilkins, Jabra and others mostly do it all, and frankly they all sound pretty good too (with some differences in how they’re voiced), so the choice comes down to what integrates best with your stuff (or gives you the most options) and what feels good and sounds good to you. 3 hours of playback in 3 minutes. 3.5 hours of playback in 15 minutes. 1.5 hours of playback in 5 minutes. 7 hours of playback in 15 minutes. 5 hours of playback in 5 minutes. 8 (8 for ANC; 4 for calls). 8 (6 for ANC; 4 for calls). 9 (8 for ANC; 3 for calls). 6 (4 for ANC; 2 for calls). 5 (all used for calls). Yes (2 devices, Bluetooth multipoint). Yes (2 devices, Bluetooth multipoint). Yes (automatic source switching via iCloud). Yes (2 devices, Bluetooth multipoint). Yes (2 devices, Bluetooth multipoint). Space Gray, Silver, Green, Pink, Sky Blue. To find the best over-ear headphones, our testers have put the leading models available through a set of listening tests and used them every day over several months, focusing not just on sound quality but on functionality, usability and comfort — the issues that are so important to most users. We carefully examined design elements, studied every physical control and application interface element, tested active noise cancellation, transparency, equalization and virtualization software options and noise isolation, timed battery life and charge time and read up on warranties. Throughout the process, we compared each headphone carefully with its competitors, new models and previous favorites to get the best sense of how the models we tested stacked up to the field. We wore the headphones for an extended period of time to determine whether it provided enough adjustability and whether the headband’s clamping force was too weak, too strong or just right, and whether the ear cups allowed enough room or felt tight over time. We also considered weight, bulk and style. We also looked carefully at the quality of the materials used, how clean construction was and how well assembled each headphone was. We also looked at how compact each model folded, and at case materials and construction. We assessed how well the ANC software and hardware of each pair of headphones dampened environmental sound. We created two noisy conditions to test: running on a treadmill with a TV on high volume nearby and sitting next to an active washing machine; later testing added a kitchen hood fan and window air conditioner. This section also required intensive cross-comparison to figure out which headphones were dampening more sound, and what range of sound was being affected. In addition to personal favorites our testers knew well, we used a baseline set of well-engineered contemporary songs, including acoustic, electric and electronic music, so we could easily establish direct comparisons. This included “Bad Guy” by Billie Eilish, “Royals” by Lorde, “Jazz Crimes” by Joshua Redman, “I’m on Fire” by Bruce Springsteen, “Neon Lights” by Molotov Jukebox, “Let Me In” by Laminate Pet Animal and “Might Be Right” by White Reaper. We listened carefully for how well each headphone reproduced bass and revealed midrange and treble detail, how realistic a soundstage it created and overall clarity, paying special attention to whether noise cancellation and transparency modes interacted with or interfered with the overall sound. And for headphones that used virtual surround modes, we assessed the realism and usefulness of the included effects. We tested each physical control to find out whether the user interface of each model was easy to understand and how intuitive it was to control playback, calls, volume, Bluetooth pairing and features like ANC and transparency modes. We paid equal attention to companion apps, examining the extended settings available and how intuitive and useful the software was in daily use. We paired each headphone with multiple Apple, Android and Windows devices, assessing ease of pairing and switching between multiple devices (where that was supported) as well as speed of reconnection, carefully noting range and latency. To check battery life, we used a long playlist and following a full charge to capacity, ran each headphone to exhaustion at normal listening level (75% volume) with ANC on and off. We also used them as part of our daily routines, charging them to capacity and then using them for work and commute until exhaustion to get a sense of how many days of real-world use they would support. After exhausting the battery, we also double-checked quick-charge features, testing to see if we could get the claimed battery life. We researched what the warranty covered for each device, what period it covered and whether extended warranties or service plans were available. The Beats Studio 3 Wireless are a great set of headphones overall, and are the latest update to the model that sparked today’s interest in high-end headphones for regular people. They integrate seamlessly with Apple devices, switching automatically between your Macs, iPhones and iPad, so they do make a good less-expensive alternative to the AirPods Max if the design and feel works for you. We loved the sound and look, though compared to newer designs from Sony and others they aren’t as comfortable, and we found the physical control button loud and clicky. The Beoplay H9 are expensive — in the same neighborhood as the AirPods Max — but do impressive sound quality with solid bass and a wide soundstage, along with good ANC. And though they have a beautiful design and impressive build quality, we found them uncomfortable to wear for long periods, and their touch controls frustrating to use. And call quality wasn’t great — recipients consistently reported hearing an echo of themselves. The Bose QuietComfort 45 offer the same great noise cancellation as the Bose 700, in a more traditional package with lots of physical controls in place of the 700’s touch controls. The build quality is impressive, they fold small as befits their executive-travel heritage and they’re made for long-term comfort. They’re perfect for road warriors, but we think that most people will be happier with the Bose 700, which are more stylish and our testers found more comfortable overall. The high-end sibling of the Px7 S2, the leather-clad PxB is a decidedly luxe take on the same concept as its younger (and less expensive) sibling. (You can even get a Bond-tailored version for $100 more if you like your music shaken, not stirred). It’s a little better all around — nicer materials, exotic drivers with carbon-fiber cones and bigger magnets and marginally better sound than the already great-sounding Px7 S2 — but otherwise has the same features and is very similar under the hood, so we think that for most purchasers (even those with an audiophile bent) the Px7 S2 probably makes more sense. While the sound isn’t as refined and they aren’t as comfy as our main recommendations, the Elite 85h give you great sound and effective noise cancellation for about half the price, along with great build quality and simple, easy-to-use controls. The JBL Live 650BTNC deliver crisp sound and a reasonably realistic soundstage for the money, though compared to your recommendations they suffer somewhat, especially on the low end, where they don’t deliver extended bass. The JBL Headphones app gives you multiple sound profiles to choose from, but they don’t overcome the 650 BTNC’s inherent character. The sleek, minimal design is attractive, but they have a lot of clamping force, so they aren’t as comfortable for long wear as our main recommendations. But they’re available at a deep discount, and if you’re looking for something to use occasionally they may fit the bill. The latest version of Master & Dynamic’s popular high-end headphones sport the same distinguished, classy design while serving up improved audio, a beefed-up app and better battery life than last gen’s model. The MH 40 Wireless V2 are some of the best headphones we’ve tested in terms of sheer audio quality and slick aesthetics, but they lack active noise cancellation — not to mention the wealth of extra features you’ll find on the likes of the Sony WH-1000XM5 and AirPods Max. The Poly (formerly Plantronics) BackBeats Pro 2 has decent overall sound quality but lacked bass extension and didn’t produce a wide-sounding soundstage. Call quality was relatively poor, with one recipient describing it as sounding like we were underwater. But they are comfortable to wear, and they have a fun-to-use rotary volume control. The updated Sennheiser Momentum 4 drop the retro styling of their predecessors for a more vanilla look, but improved ANC, a solid app and great sound make them a compelling choice for headphone aficionados. The Skullcandy Crusher ANC were our least favorite among those we tested. A dedicated bass boost slider on one of the cups lets you go from thin bass response to skull-rattling boom, but it felt like a gimmick, adding clutter to the mix but not definition. Using the Skullcandy app gave us access to some better-sounding custom profiles, but given that the Crusher weren’t especially comfortable to wear, we’d look at one of our other recommendations at this price. These were our previous favorites, and if you’re looking to save $50, they sound just as good as the newer WH-1000XM5. That said, we think the better ANC and call quality of the revised model is worth the extra money, but if that stretches the budget too far, these are still a good option. Like the newer Sonys, the XM4 offer great sound, long battery life and very effective noise cancellation (and you control them with the same useful, full-featured app). Note: The prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. Receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. © 2023 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.

Content is created by CNN Underscored’s team of editors who work independently from the CNN newsroom. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. Learn more. Apple’s AirPods may have ushered in the wire-free craze just a few short years ago, but now it’s hard to find a pair of in-ear Bluetooth headphones that isn’t a pair of AirPods-style true wireless earbuds. And now that the style has taken over, you’ll find varieties for every taste and need and budget, from noise-canceling earbuds to help you shut out the world, to exercise-oriented models that can stand up to sweat to high-end designs meant to satisfy audiophiles into high-resolution listening. With so many options out there, CNN Underscored staffers continually test new headphones, much as we’ve done with the best over-ear headphones, the best workout headphones and the best noise-canceling headphones. We’ve gotten ears on the latest models, and after months of listening we’ve found the best true wireless earbuds for you. The Beats Fit Pro not only do everything th AirPods Pro do, but they do it with more style, fit more securely, and are more comfortable. Add to that a more universally compatible USB-C charging case and support for Android via the Beats app, and they’re not just great for Apple users, but make a great workout headphone and are now our favorite true-wireless earbuds overall. True to their name, the Beats Fit Pro offer outstanding fit and comfort. These rubber-coated buds have a wingtip design, which keeps them in place during strenuous activities and provides some extra support for your inner ear without feeling intrusive or heavy — they are more compact than the hooked Beats Powerbeats Pro but felt just as secure during workouts. If you’re using them with an iPhone or other Apple devices, you get the full AirPods experience: an Ear Tip Fit Test lets you get the best seal, you get active noise cancellation (ANC), a Transparency mode for amplifying the outside world, Adaptive EQ, Spatial Audio, instant pairing with Apple devices and the ability to control Siri hands-free. But unlike the AirPods Pro, the Fit Pro are also pretty great if you’re on an Android device. The Beats app for Android lets you take advantage of nearly all of the Fit Pro’s key features, including the ability to switch sound modes, customize the controls and perform an Ear Tip Fit Test. Android users will have to live without a few perks (you don’t get Find My support for tracking your lost buds or automatic switching between paired devices), but for a pair of Apple earbuds, there’s an impressive amount of parity between the two platforms. The Fit Pro also have among the longest battery life of Apple buds we’ve tested, lasting us nearly 7 continuous hours with ANC on and allowing us to go about three days of normal on-and-off use before having to charge the case. That edges out the six hours and 10 minutes we got out of the AirPods 3, as well as the five hours we saw on the AirPods Pro. Read the full review: https://www.cnn.com/cnn-underscored/reviews/beats-fit-pro. To find the best true wireless earbuds, we set out for an initial round of testing with a pool of products representing the full range of what was available in the format — noise-canceling, workout, audiophile and specifically Apple- and Android-friendly models across the budget and style spectrum. Since then, we’ve continued to add to this review as we’ve updated our testing with new and improved versions of our earlier picks and added wholly new models to the lineup. With each earbud we test, we used them day-in and day-out for weeks or months to understand how they’ll serve in daily use. And we put them through the same testing regimen that we’ve used across our headphone reviews. We wore each pair of earbuds for an extended period of time, using them on daily basis, traveling with them, and wearing them to the gym, to determine whether they fit securely, what sort of retention mechanisms (such as wings or hooks) were used and if they were comfortable, and used any sort of fitting software supplied by the manufacturers or experimented with supplied eartips and attachments to make sure enough of a variety of was included to fit a range of wearers. We also looked carefully at the quality of the materials used, how clean construction was and how well assembled each headphone was. We also looked at how compact each model folded, and at case materials and construction. We assessed how well the ANC software and hardware of each pair of headphones dampened environmental sound. We created two noisy conditions to test: running on a treadmill with a TV on high volume nearby and sitting next to an active washing machine; later testing added a kitchen hood fan and window air conditioner. This section also required intensive cross-comparison to figure out which headphones were dampening more sound, and what range of sound was being affected. In addition to personal favorites our testers knew well, we used a baseline set of well-engineered contemporary songs, including acoustic, electric and electronic music, so we could easily establish direct comparisons. This included “Bad Guy” by Billie Eilish, “Royals” by Lorde, “Jazz Crimes” by Joshua Redman, “I’m on Fire” by Bruce Springsteen, “Neon Lights” by Molotov Jukebox, “Let Me In” by Laminate Pet Animal and “Might Be Right” by White Reaper. We listened carefully for how well each headphone reproduced bass and revealed midrange and treble detail, how realistic a soundstage it created and overall clarity, paying special attention to whether noise cancellation and transparency modes interacted with or interfered with the overall sound. And for headphones that used virtual surround modes, we assessed the realism and usefulness of the included effects. We tested each physical control to find out whether the user interface of each model was easy to understand and how intuitive it was to control playback, calls, volume, Bluetooth pairing and features like ANC and transparency modes. We paid equal attention to companion apps, examining the extended settings available and how intuitive and useful the software was in daily use. We paired each headphone with multiple Apple, Android and Windows devices, assessing ease of pairing and switching between multiple devices (where that was supported) as well as speed of reconnection, carefully noting range and latency. To check battery life, we used a long playlist and following a full charge to capacity, ran each headphone to exhaustion at normal listening level (75% volume) with ANC on and off. We also used them as part of our daily routines, charging them to capacity and then using them for work and commute until exhaustion to get a sense of how many days of real-world use they would support. After exhausting the battery, we also double-checked quick-charge features, testing to see if we could get the claimed battery life. We researched what the warranty covered for each device, what period it covered and whether extended warranties or service plans were available. The Soundcore Liberty 3 Pro are Hi-Res certified and support the LDAC standard, making them a worthy consideration for folks who use high-resolution music services such as Tidal and Qobuz. They’re also competitively priced. However, we didn’t get the best battery life from these buds, and we think the Sony WF-1000XM4 are a better high-end option thanks to their superb noise cancellation. We generally love Anker products and really wanted to recommend this pair of affordable earbuds, but after hours of testing, we simply couldn’t in good conscience. The Soundcore Life 2 earbuds fell just a bit short in all of the most important categories. The sound quality isn’t exactly bad and it was generally well-balanced with decent range. When you compare them to other earbuds in the category, though, they just weren’t quality enough to stack up against some of the best in the category, namely the Earfun Air. With only two microphones dedicated to noise canceling and 6 hours of battery life, we found that they fell just short of earning an enthusiastic recommendation. They’re good earbuds for the price, but they fell short of being considered the best. The first generation AirPods Pro had a long reign as our top earbuds pick for Apple users, thanks to their great sound, noise cancellation and seamless connectivity with iPhones, iPads and Macs. But the newer Beats Fit Pro do all of that with a sportier design and more comfortable and secure fit, and the 2nd generation AirPods Pro add useful touch controls and improve on the sound quality and case design. The AirPods 3 — Apple’s take on a traditional earbud without a foam or silicone tip — are a nice improvement over the previous-gen model, delivering better sound quality and borrowing some AirPods Pro features including Spatial Audio and Adaptive EQ. They also deliver six hours of listening playback, which is pretty strong over any other AirPods model. You can get them with a wired charging case, or wireless for another $10. But unless you really don’t like an earbud that seals, whether for situational awareness or comfort reason, we’d recommend springing for the Beats Fit Pro or snagging the AirPods Pro on sale. The Powerbeats Pro enjoyed a long reign as our favorite workout earbuds, largely thanks to their comfortable earhook design that kept them secure in our ears during intensive exercise. They also sound fantastic, with the satisfying bass you expect from Beats, and pair effortlessly to Apple devices. The Powerbeats Pro are still a good buy if you prefer workout buds that wrap around your ears, but we think the smaller Beats Fit Pro offer better control and are just as secure (and even more comfortable) for both workout and everyday use. The Beats Studio Buds were once our top pick for comfort, thanks to a low profile design that we enjoyed wearing for hours on end. They’re also built to fast-pair to both iOS and Android devices, which is a unique perk for a pair of Apple-made buds. There’s a lot to like here for $150, but the Beats Fit Pro offer even better comfort and features for those willing to pay up. The Belkin SoundForm Freedom True are among the few third-party earbuds that support Apple’s Find My app for tracking down your lost buds. They sound good and have good battery life. But they’re an older model, don’t pair as smoothly to iPhones as Apple’s own earbuds, and Android users are better off with a host of other newer options. The Bose Sport Open Earbuds are the most unique workout earbuds we’ve tested, with a unique open design that pumps out quality audio while leaving your actual ears free to better hear your surroundings while you’re out on a run. While the Sport Open Earbuds deliver big for their very specific audience — people who want exercise buds that don’t actually go in your ears — their rigid design and lack of a charging case makes them a tough sell for most folks. This latest update to the audiophile brand’s flagship earbud  looks great, fits comfortably and sounds fantastic, with deep bass, smooth mids, and plenty of high end clarity — subtle sound quality improvements to its already high-performance predecessor. It supports the highest-quality aptX Bluetooth support if you’re using an Android mobile or Windows machine, and a cool travel-friendly case doubles as a transmitter if you need to interface with older gear — like a plane’s in-flight entertainment system. Given the price, however, it isn’t for everyone so we’d suggest it mostly for discerning audiophiles on the go. You would think that the Earfun Air Pro buds would be better than their predecessors because they have “Pro” in the name — but you’d be wrong. They do technically have some better capabilities such as active noise canceling, three microphones per earpiece instead of just two, and a new 10mm driver, all of which is supposed to provide better sound quality than the original Earfun Air models. They also have the same level of battery life and generally the same sound. Heck, we can barely tell the difference between the two. When it comes down to it, though, the original Earfun Air edges out this model in terms of sound, waterproofing and wireless charging to boot. You won’t be upset if you buy the Earfun Air Pro earbuds — they are some of the best available for this price — but we think you’ll feel slightly happier jamming out to the EarFun Air. Not all EarFun earbuds are created equal. The Earfun Free has decent sound quality and a reasonable 6 hours of battery life with 24 extra hours available in the charging case. But we found that sound quality and comfort were not as nice as the higher priced counterparts. All of the Earfun earbuds we tested consistently ranked among some of our favorite budget earbuds, but we think the slight improvement in sound quality and comfort in the other models mean you should choose the EarFun Air instead. The Google Pixel Buds A-Series hold their own against the more expensive AirPods and Galaxy Buds 2 in terms of sound quality, comfort and battery life, all within an attractive and low-profile design. They also have some very useful Google Assistant controls, which allow you to do everything from play a specific song to translate an entire sentence using your voice alone. Unfortunately, those Assistant tricks are exclusive to Android users, as there’s no Pixel Buds app for the iPhone — they’re just another pair of generic Bluetooth headphones so far as the iPhone can tell. It’s also worth noting that the Pixel Buds A-Series’ charging case — which comes in white across all models — is highly susceptible to smudges and scuffs. Its highly magnetic design also got stuck to other metal objects in our pockets, causing the buds to accidentally slip out on more than one occasion. But if the case isn’t a deal breaker for you, the $99 Buds A are about as good as you can get at this price if you’re on Android. The Jabra Elite 4 Active are one of many good workout earbuds Jabra offers, with excellent sound, a great fit and solid active noise cancellation and a useful HearThrough ambient mode for amplifying your surroundings. We still prefer the overall performance and simpler controls of the Jabra Elite Active 75t, but the Elite 4 Active are worth considering if you’re on a budget or prefer the design. The Jabra Elite 7 Pro earbuds deliver strong sound quality, decent active noise cancellation and reliable physical controls. At their current discounted price they are a good value, but we much prefer the Jabra Elite 85t or Jabra Elite Active 75t, which offers better ANC in addition to the same basic features. The Jabra Elite Active 75t — our former pick as the best workout earbuds (we now recommend our overall favorites, the Beats Fit Pro, for that application) — are secure, comfortable and durable enough for high-intensity training and have enough battery life to get you through a long day at the gym. They aren’t quite as good as the Beats across the board, but they’re a very capable pair or true wireless headphones that come in a bit cheaper than the Beats and are a great choice if you like the Jabra look and feel. The Jabra Elite 85t offers good overall sound and tons of customization via Jabra’s excellent Sound+ app, including 11 levels of active noise cancellation. However, the Elite 85t’s design is a little bulky for our liking, and its semi-open design (which is great for situational awareness while exercising outdoors) makes its ANC less pronounced than on Elite Active 75t. You’re not going to find anything groundbreaking in these ‘buds, but for most people, that’s probably just fine. The sound quality is middle of the road out of the box, with an active bass boost option and decent EQ modes when you click a button on the earbuds. The battery life is also weak at just three hours — but, on the bright side, they offer good sound isolation from the wind and are rated at IP55 for dust- and water-resistance, which make them a solid choice as budget workout earphones. The Surface Earbuds performed well in our testing and real-world usage. You’ll get stable connectivity, a unique circular disc-like design, and eight hours of battery life. But for $199.99, you’re going to be left wanting more, especially when you compare them with our top picks. Microsoft super fans who use the 365 suite daily will be impressed by dictation and other integrated features. The OnePlus Buds Z2 offer a lot for under $100, including impressive active noise cancellation, an IPX4 waterproof case and a robust companion app with lots of sound customization features. However, we found its audio quality and battery life to be just OK, and many of its key features are limited to those with OnePlus phones. If you really want wireless earbuds that have RGB lighting, the Razer Hammerhead are about the only game in town. These earbuds offer decent sound quality and battery life for the price, but we found the controls to be finicky, and the audio to be not quite on par with our favorites from Apple, Sony, Samsung and others. Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro offer up a ton of great software features that let Android users fine-tune the audio and customize the controls, and deliver some very solid noise cancellation. While the company has since introduced newer versions of the Galaxy Buds, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 are among the best-looking and most comfortable buds we’ve tested, have strong battery life and offer good sound quality. We found the touch controls overly sensitive in our testing, however, and the noise-cancellation can’t compete with newer models. While they’re worth considering still at their heavily discounted price if you’re an Android user on a budget, overall we think you can do better for your money. If you want a pair of true wireless earbuds that won’t break the bank, Samsung has you covered with the Galaxy Buds+. These lasted 11 hours on one charge — that’s six more hours than AirPods Pro and two more hours than Powerbeats Pro. That long runtime is paired with an equalizer in the companion app for iOS or Android, so you can up the bass or increase high tones as you see fit, which means you’ll get good sound quality that holds its own against more expensive options. The Galaxy Buds Live were a former recommendation for the most comfortable earbuds, and they still largely live up our original assessment, with a unique bean-shaped design that’s ergonomic and easy to forget about during long hours of listening to music and podcasts. However, newer models are more comfortable and sound better, and noise-canceling technology has improved markedly. We suggest looking at the superior Galaxy Buds Pro, but the Buds Live are worth considering if you’re on a tighter budget. Unfortunately, the Skullcandy Sesh True Wireless earbuds were a disappointment. The sound was fine — not terrible — but lacked bass on some of our favorite dance and disco songs. The highs were also a little too overwhelming, creating an overall lack of balance in sound quality. Poor battery life and poor call quality make matters worse, and though sometimes you can justify lack of performance when a headphone looks cool (an area where Skullcandy typically excels), these earbuds are small and unobtrusive, and far from a fashion statement. Sony’s WF-1000XM4 buds block out noise in a way that few other earbuds can match — only bested by the new Bose QuietComfort Earbuds 2. They sound great as well, with Sony’s typical well-balanced sound. A nicely designed, easy-to-use mobile app lets you fine tune ANC performance, EQ and more to let you tailor the sound to your personal taste. A former top pick among true wireless headphones, the Sony WF-1000XM3s are still available, but newer designs are better. The XM3s are large and heavy compared to newer earbuds like our current recommendations, That said, the sound quality is still good, with a wide soundstage and an app for customization. The latest from the custom-headphone specialists at Ultimate Ears, UE Drops take most of the annoyance out of the process of getting a custom fit by letting you take your own ear impressions at home. The procedure is simple and quick, and the results are impressive. Our test pair sounds great, fits comfortably and securely, and delivers a lot of the modern earbud features you know and love. There’s no ANC, though, and limited app features, so while the Drops are cheaper than most custom models, given how good today’s flagship true wireless models from Apple and Sony are, most potential buyer will find these too pricey. Note: The prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. Receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. © 2023 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.

Your guide to a better future. Find your wireless earbuds from CNET's reviews of top true-wireless earbuds from Apple, Beats, Samsung, Sennheiser, Sony and more. This story is part of Gift Guide, our year-round collection of the best gift ideas. Most of today's true-wireless earbuds can be used not only as a stereo pair but as a single bud so you can keep one ear open to the world while listening to your music, podcasts or making voice calls. You can use them for the gym, evening walks or simply relax by listening to calm music at night. There are no shortage of true-wireless options available, which is why we've done the testing and research to find the best wireless earbuds for 2023. In terms of style, some wireless earbuds are equipped with ear tips while others have an open design without tips (those are best for people who don't like to have ear tips jammed in their ears and want to allow some sound in from the outside world). For the most part, only "noise-isolating" earbuds with silicone or foam ear tips offer active noise canceling -- or noise cancelling (with a double l), as Bose and Google spell it -- a feature that was once a rarity but has now become standard. And when you get a pair of wireless earbuds, many now come with a wireless charging case, too. Yes, the top true-wireless earbuds can be pricey, but you can get surprisingly good ones for less than $100 -- or even less. We regularly update this list as new top true-wireless earbuds hit the market. Yes (IPX4 -- Splash-Proof. Bose's second-generation QuietComfort Earbuds 2 are not only about 30% smaller than their predecessors, but their case is about 40% smaller and truly pocketable. They feature best-in-class noise canceling and improved sound, thanks to Bose's new CustomTune sound calibration system that customizes the sound for your ears. Voice-calling performance is also significantly better than that of the original QuietComfort Earbuds. The other big change is to the ear tips. Bose has ditched its one-piece StayEar wing tips for a two-piece Fit Kit system that features separate ear tips and "stability bands" in three size options, giving you more flexibility to get a secure fit and tight seal. The buds initially ship in the Triple Black Color with the Sandstone color to follow later in the year. Read our Bose QuietComfort Earbuds 2 review. Earfun has put out a series of wireless earbuds over the last couple of years with one important commonality: They're very good values, made more so by frequent discounts. The company's new-for-2023 Earfun Air Pro 3 earbuds feature the latest Qualcomm QCC3071 system-on-a-chip with aptX Adaptive for Android and other devices that support the new LE Audio standard and LC3 audio codec, which is superior to the SBC codec (they also support AAC for Apple devices). Lightweight and comfortable to wear -- I got a good seal with the largest ear tip size -- these aren't a huge upgrade over the Earfun Air S, but they are better. They have slightly larger wool-composite drivers (11mm versus 10mm), slightly improved noise canceling and better battery life (up to seven hours with noise canceling on, according to Earfun). In short, the Earfun Air 3 deliver strong performance for their modest price, with robust bass, good clarity and a relatively wide soundstage. They also pack in a lot of features, including a wireless charging case and "multidevice" connectivity. (I could pair them to two devices simultaneously but had to pause the music on one device and hit play on the other for the audio to switch.) They're IPX5 splash-proof and also work well (though not exceptionally well) as a headset for making calls. Note that after you activate the instant 10%-off coupon at Amazon, adding the code EAP3CNET at checkout gives you an additional 20% off, bringing the buds' price down to $56. Read our Earfun Air Pro 3 review. Yes (IPX4 -- splash-proof). Available for preorder now and shipping Sept. 23, the new AirPods Pro (2nd generation) are powered by Apple's new H2 chip, which delivers more processing power while being more energy efficient, according to Apple. The new chip, combined with new low-distortion drivers, allows for improved sound that offers better clarity and depth. The noise canceling is also improved -- Apple says the new AirPods have "double" the noise canceling of the original AirPods Pro. Additionally, the new AirPods add an extra hour of battery life, up from five to six hours with noise canceling on. Plus, a speaker in the case that emits a sound that helps locate your buds via Find My should they decide to hide from you. Note that while Apple has discontinued the original AirPods Pro, they'll remain on sale at discounted prices until supplies are exhausted. However, most people should get this newer model if they can afford it. Read our Apple AirPods Pro 2 review. Yes (IPX4 -- splash-proof). Hot on the heels of the third-generation AirPods, Apple has another new set of earbuds, this time from its subsidiary audio company, Beats. Technically, the new Beats Fit Pro ($200) aren't AirPods, but they're built on the same tech platform as the AirPods Pro. Unlike Beats' earlier and less expensive Studio Buds, the Beats Fit Pro include Apple's H1 chip and have most of the AirPods Pro's features, including active noise canceling, spatial audio and Adaptive EQ. I'd venture to call them the sports AirPods you've always wanted. And for some people, they might just be better than the AirPods Pro. Read our Beats Fit Pro review. In the past, we've recommended Earfun's AirPro SV and Air Pro 2 as excellent budget noise-canceling earbuds choices (they're still good values). But the new-for-2022 Earfun Air S may be the best of the trio, with multipoint Bluetooth pairing, the latest Qualcomm QCC3046 SoC (system on a chip) with the AptX audio codec for Android and other devices that support it. It has the same 10mm wool drivers as the AirPro SV and features surprisingly impressive sound for its modest price point. They also work well as a headset for making calls with decent background noise reduction. The buds have an IPX5 water-resistance rating, which means they're splashproof and can withstand a sustained spray of water. Note that the earbuds cost as low as $49 when you activate the instant coupon and apply the CNET-exclusive discount code EFAIRS07 at checkout at Amazon. Bowers & Wilkins has upgraded its fantastic-sounding PI7 noise-canceling earbuds. The new S2 model has better battery life and Bluetooth range, now up to 25 meters (double the previous range). Additionally, the buds now integrate into the new Bowers & Wilkins Music app for iOS and Android and have a much improved setup experience. While not a major upgrade from the originals, the PI7 S2s, which feature a dual-driver design, are easily among the very best-sounding true-wireless earbuds. The step-down PI5 S2s, which have a single driver design, don't sound quite as good but are more affordable. Read our Bowers & Wilkins PI7 S2 review. Over-ear wireless headphones. No earbuds are perfect, of course, and not everybody will love the fit of the Sony WF-1000XM4 buds or be able to afford their high price. But if you're looking for great-sounding earbuds with active noise cancellation, solid voice-calling capabilities and good battery life, these buds check all the boxes. Read our Sony WF-1000XM4 review. The Galaxy Buds 2 Pro offer improved noise canceling along with very good sound and voice-calling performance, plus support for high-resolution wireless audio streaming if you're a Galaxy device owner with the right setup. That said, their biggest upgrade may be their new design and smaller size, which make them a better fit for more ears. Aside from their somewhat high price, their only drawback is that some of their key features only work with Samsung Galaxy devices. Read our Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 Pro review. While their sound isn't quite up to the level of higher-end buds like Apple's AirPods Pro 2 and the Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 3 that cost significantly more, the Soundcore by Anker Liberty 4 earbuds have a strong set of features, including a spatial audio mode with head tracking, multipoint Bluetooth pairing, up to nine hours of battery life, wireless charging and support for Sony's LDAC audio codec that can offer sound improvements if you have the right setup. Compared to top-sounding buds I've reviewed, they lack a bit of overall clarity, accuracy and bass definition. But most people will think they sound quite good -- they play plenty loud and deliver strong bass -- and you can tweak their sound profile in the app or create a personal HearID Sound profile (it's also for noise canceling). Read our Soundcore by Anker Liberty 4 review. Yes (IP57 -- Can be Submerged for 30 Minutes Up to 1 Meter). Coming in at 16% smaller than the Elite 75t, the Elite 7 Pros are Jabra's top-of-the-line earbuds in its new range and include the company's new MultiSensor Voice technology with a bone-conduction sensor, four microphones and intelligent algorithms to deliver new "ground-breaking call quality," Jabra says. The voice calling performance doesn't quite live up to the hype, but Jabra has updated the buds' firmware, adding multipoint Bluetooth pairing and slightly improving sound quality, noise canceling and headset performance. It took a while but they're now excellent all-around buds. These have adjustable active noise cancellation, Jabra's HearThrough transparency mode and Bluetooth 5.2. They offer up to nine hours' play time at moderate volume levels with noise canceling on, and nearly three additional charges in the charging case -- total battery life is rated at 35 hours. The charging case has wireless charging capabilities. The earbuds' IP57 rating means they can be submerged in up to 1 meter of water. For those who like to use only a single bud, you can also use either bud independently in a mono mode. The Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 3 earbuds have excellent sound, improved noise canceling and voice-calling performance as well a smaller, more refined design with stabilizing fins (so the earbuds stay in your ears more securely). They're among the best new true-wireless earbuds for 2022. They're also one of the best true-wireless earbuds overall, giving the Sony WF-1000XM4 a run for the money. Read our Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 3 review. Bang & Olufsen's Beoplay EX buds are the company's best true-wireless earbuds yet. They feature a comfortable, secure fit (except perhaps for those with really smaller ears), top-notch build quality, great sound, good noise canceling and improved voice-calling performance over B&O's EQ buds, with three microphones in each earbud they help with reducing background noise while picking up your voice. While they're out of most people's price range, they're arguably the best earbuds out there with stems and offer superior sound to the AirPods Pro with better clarity, deeper more powerful bass and richer, more accurate sound. Battery life is rated at 6 hours at moderate volume levels with noise canceling on and there's an extra 14 hours of juice in the brushed aluminum charging case (wireless charging is supported). The buds have an IP57 water-resistance rating, which makes them waterproof and dust-resistant. They feature Bluetooth 5.2 and multipoint Bluetooth pairing so you can connect to two devices at the same time, such as a computer and smartphone. You can use a single bud independently and the earbuds have ear-detection sensors so your music pauses when you remove them from your ears. The buds support AptX Adaptive for devices like Android smartphones that support Bluetooth streaming with the AptX HD audio codec (AAC is also supported). They're available in the gold tone pictured as well as a graphite color. Yes (IPX4 -- splash-proof). Unlike the "open" LinkBuds, the LinkBuds S are traditional noise-isolating earbuds with tips you jam in your ears. They're more compact and lighter than Sony's flagship WF-1000M4 and also feature Sony's V1 processor. While their sound and noise canceling don't quite measure up to the WF-1000XM4's, they're close and cost less. They're the Sony buds for people who can deal with larger buds like WF-1000XM4 but want 80 to 85% of those buds' features and performance for $80 less. Read our Sony LinkBuds S review. Yes (IPX4 -- splash-proof). The Pixel Buds Pro are Google's first earbuds to feature active noise canceling. While it's nice that they finally have a feature that a lot of true-wireless earbuds have had for a while, what ultimately sets the Pixel Buds Pro apart and makes them worth considering -- particularly for Android users -- is their distinct design and winning fit. That helps enhance their performance on both the sound quality and noise-canceling fronts. While not quite elite for voice-calling, they also performed well as a headset for making calls. A couple of features are missing at launch -- spatial audio and a five-band equalizer -- but are due to arrive later in 2022, according to Google. Read our Google Pixel Buds review. Yes (IPX7 -- can be submerged for 30 minutes up to 1 meter). Available in four color options, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 hew more closely to the newer Galaxy Buds Pro and Galaxy Buds Live, both of which have eye-catching glossy curved designs and the same compact charging case as this new model. In fact, it's the Buds 2's design and fit -- they're 15% smaller and 20% lighter than the Buds Plus -- that make them a potentially more likable alternative to the slightly better-sounding Buds Pro. Like the Buds Pro, the Buds 2 are equipped with active noise canceling. That means all the latest Galaxy Buds models now feature some form of active noise canceling, though it's slight with the Buds Live, which have an open design sans ear tips. While the Buds 2 look more like shrunken versions of the Buds Pro, I found them more akin to the Buds Live in that they barely stick out of your ears and are fairly discreet. Because they sit more flush with your ears -- and have that curved design -- they also pick up less wind noise. Read our Galaxy Buds 2 review. Yes (IPX4 -- splash-proof). Take one look at the new design of the third-gen AirPods ($179), and the first thing you'll probably think is: "Those look like the AirPods Pro without ear tips." You wouldn't be wrong. While they're more fraternal than identical twins, the AirPods 3 are shaped like the AirPods Pro, with the same shorter stems and same pinch controls as those of the Pro. Aside from the design change, which should fit most ears better than the AirPods 2nd Generation (though not very small ears), the biggest change is to the sound quality: It's much improved. Also, battery life is better, and the AirPods 3 are officially water-resistant. Read our AirPods 3rd Generation review. What makes these Soundpeats Air3 Deluxe HS buds special is that they sound surprisingly good for open earbuds -- they're pretty close to what you get from Apple's AirPods 3 for sound. On top of that, they support Sony's LDAC audio codec for devices that offer it. Not too many cheap open earbuds have good sound but these Soundpeats have good bass response and clarity. They're also good for making calls and have a low-latency gaming mode. Over the years, JBL has put out some decent true-wireless earbuds, but nothing that really got me too excited. That's finally changed with the arrival of the Samsung-owned brand's new Live Pro 2 and Live Free 2 buds. Both sets of buds -- the Live Pro 2 have stems while the Live Free 2 have a pill-shaped design -- offer a comfortable fit along with strong noise canceling, very good sound quality and voice-calling performance, plus a robust set of features, including multipoint Bluetooth pairing, an IPX5 splash-proof rating and wireless charging. The Live Pro 2 and Live Free 2 are equipped with the same 11mm drivers, six microphones, oval tubes and oval silicon tips. Aside from the design, the biggest difference between the two buds is battery life; the stemless Live Free 2 is rated for up to seven hours, while the Live Pro 2 is rated for 10 hours. The Live Pro 2 is available in four color options. Read our JBL Live Pro 2 first take. Beyerdynamic Free Byrd: Beyerdynamic may be late to the game, but it's finally introduced its first true-wireless earbuds, which feature active noise canceling, up to 11 hours of battery life (with noise canceling off) and impressive sound quality. Read our Beyerdynamic Free Byrd review. Master & Dynamic MW08: These buds may not fit everyone's ear equally well, but they certainly have a distinct look, as well as excellent sound and a great listening experience if you can get a tight seal (I was able to get a secure fit with the largest tip). They deliver more of an audiophile sound profile, with smooth, well-balanced sound and well-defined bass. Sony Linkbuds: The LinkBuds are, in a sense, Sony's answer to Apple's standard AirPods. While they don't sound as good as Sony's flagship WF-1000XM4 or the Linkbuds S noise-isolating earbuds, they offer a discreet, innovative design and a more secure fit than the AirPods, as well as decent sound and very good voice-calling performance. Like the third-gen AirPods, their open design allows you to hear the outside world -- that's what the ring is all about. Read our Sony Linkbuds review. JBL Live Free 2: Like the Live Pro 2, JBL's new Live Free 2 buds are surprisingly good. With 11mm drivers, six microphones, oval tubes and oval silicon tips, they combine a comfortable fit along with strong noise canceling, very good sound quality and voice-calling performance. Features include multipoint Bluetooth pairing and wireless charging, and they're rated for up to 7 hours with IPX5 water-resistance (splash-proof). Beats Studio Buds: The Beats Studio Buds look a lot like the rumored stemless AirPods some people have been waiting for. Geared toward both iOS and Android users, they are missing a few key features on the Apple side of things (there's no H1 or W1 chip), but they're small, lightweight buds that are comfortable to wear and offer really good sound. While their noise canceling isn't as good as the AirPods Pro's they do have a transparency mode and they're decent for making calls. Read our Beats Studio Buds review. Sennheiser CX: If you can't afford Sennheiser's flagship Momentum True Wireless 3 earbuds, the CX are a good alternative. They feature very good sound, plus decent noise canceling and voice-calling performance. The only issue is they stick out of your ears a bit and may not fit some smaller ears. This model, which often sells for less than $100 on Amazon, doesn't feature active noise canceling but the step-up CX Plus does (the CX Plus is also a good value, particularly when it goes on sale). Soundcore Liberty 3 Pro: Anker makes several earbuds that cost less than $100. But its Soundcore Liberty Pro is its flagship model that features premium sound, as well as support for Sony's LDAC audio codec with compatible devices (mostly Android phones). Available in four color options with an IPX4 water-resistance rating (splash-proof), they're frequently discounted to around $100 and are a good value when they're on sale, though they do stick out of your ears. Before earbuds like the AirPods came along, wireless earbuds had a cord between the buds. They were wireless because they offered wireless Bluetooth streaming and didn't have a headphone cable that plugged into your device. Some companies still make those types of wireless earbuds -- the Beats Flex is one example -- and some people like having a cord that allows the buds to dangle from your neck when not in use. True wireless earbuds have no cord between them. They are entirely cord-free and link wirelessly to create a stereo pair. They are sometimes referred to by the acronym TWS, which stands for true-wireless stereo. In recent months there has been a bunch of articles about how Gen Z is making the "humble" wired headphone cool again, particularly Apple EarPods (you know, the headphones that used to be included in the box when bought an iPhone but no longer are). That's fine -- and we have nothing against wired headphones -- but a cord can be a nuisance. When you're working out or running, going totally wireless feels liberating. Also, most new phones these days don't have a headphone jack so you need to go wireless unless you get a Lightning or USB-C headphone or use an adapter for a standard headphone with a 3.5mm plug. You can get wireless headphones with a cord between the buds. Neckband-style earbuds are still a thing and some people like that style because you can let the cord dangle around your neck when you don't have the buds in your ears. However, true wireless earbuds ultimately offer more freedom and are stored in a compact charging case that's convenient to carry. And both the sound quality and reliability of their wireless connection have improved considerably over the last couple of years. As far as prices go, while you can certainly find plenty of premium wireless earbuds, there are also lots of decent affordable models, some of which cost less than $50. With wireless earbuds, it's important that you get the right fit so they not only stay in your ears but so they sound and perform at their best (a tight seal is crucial for optimal sound and noise canceling if the earbuds have active noise canceling). If the buds come with silicone ear tips, you should use the bud that's a little bigger rather than too small for your ear. Also, in some cases, like with the AirPods Pro, you can buy third-party foam ear tips that grip the inside of your ear better and keep your buds from falling out. Note that sometimes people have one ear shaped differently than the other, so you might use a medium tip in one ear and a large tip in the other. AirPods have never fit all ears equally well, and a lot of people complain that they won't stay securely in their ears. You can buy third-party wingtips -- sometimes called sport fins -- that lock the buds in your ears. But you have to take them off every time you use your buds because they won't fit in the case. If you have trouble keeping earbuds in your ears, your best bet is to look for a model that includes wingtips or actually integrates them into the buds' design. You can also get earbuds that have ear hooks that wrap around the top of your ears. Several sports buds feature this design. It can be particularly appealing to bikers who can't afford to have their earbuds drop out of their ears while riding at high speed. A battery life rating of 5 hours is considered adequate but many of the latest buds offer 6 hours or more of battery life with noise canceling on. Battery life increases if you don't use noise canceling. Some earbuds now deliver over 10 hours of battery life with noise canceling off. We have an article on how to clean your AirPods that also applies to other earbuds. But if you don't want to read that, the condensed version is this:. Wipe down both the buds themselves and ear tips with a slightly dampened soft, dry, lint-free cloth (like the kind you use to clean glasses or your phone's screen) and avoid using any soap or harsh cleaning liquids. A 70% isopropyl alcohol wipe or a Clorox disinfecting wipe is OK but avoid getting too much moisture in any ports or inside the buds themself. You can also use a toothpick for any little crevices or a Q-tip with a bit of alcohol on it. Avoid saturating the Q-tip with alcohol. Finally, wait a few minutes until any moisture evaporates before using the buds. We test true-wireless earbuds based on five key criteria, comparing similarly styled and priced models. These criteria include design, sound quality, features, voice-calling performance and value. Evaluating design, we assess not only how comfortable the earbuds fit (ergonomics) but their build quality and how well the controls are implemented. We also look at water- and dust-resistance ratings. We evaluate sound quality by listening to a set playlist of music tracks and comparing the earbuds to top competing products in their price range. Sonic traits such as bass definition, clarity, dynamic range and how natural the headphones sound are key factors in our assessment. Some great-sounding earbuds aren't loaded with features, but we do take into account what extra features are on board. These include everything from noise-canceling and transparency modes (ambient sound mode) to special sound modes to ear-detection sensors that automatically pause your music when you take the headphones off your ears. When we test voice-calling performance, we make calls in the noisy streets of New York and evaluate how well the earbuds reduce background noise and how clearly callers can hear your voice. We determine value after evaluating the strength of the earbuds against all these criteria and what the buds are able to deliver compared to other models in their price class.

Companies continue to find new ways to impress with true wireless earbuds. There’s no doubt the popularity of Apple’s AirPods helped make them a mainstay, but plenty of others offer reliable connectivity, great sound and active noise cancellation (ANC) in increasingly smaller form factors. You can also get features that used to be reserved for premium models on mid-range devices. Of course, the popularity means that new earbuds are popping up all the time and the list of options is longer than ever. To help, we’ve compiled the best wireless earbuds you can buy right now, including noteworthy features for each. Sony manages to pack a ton of handy tools into its flagship true wireless model, including wireless charging, Speak-to-Chat, Adaptive Sound Control and customizable EQ. Sony keeps its top spot on our list for its combination of great sound quality, powerful active noise cancellation and a long list of features no other company can compete with. As with its headphones, Sony manages to pack a ton of handy tools into its flagship true wireless earbuds. The basics like wireless charging and battery life improvements are covered, but company-specific features like Speak-to-Chat automatic pausing, Adaptive Sound Control adjustments based on movement or location, 360 Reality Audio and a customizable EQ are icing on the cake. Plus, DSEE Extreme upscaling helps improve compressed tunes over Bluetooth. If sound quality is your biggest concern, Sennheiser's buds are the way to go thanks in part to their True Response transducer and 7mm dynamic drivers. Great deals on consumer electronics delivered straight to your inbox, curated by Engadget’s editorial team. See latest. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms and Privacy Policy. If sound quality is your primary concern, the Momentum True Wireless 3 is your best bet. You won’t get the truckload of features that Sony offers, but Sennheiser does the basics well at a lower price than the previous Momentum earbuds. A new Adaptive Noise Cancellation setup continuously monitors ambient sounds to suppress them in real time. Inside, the company’s True Response transducer is paired with 7mm dynamic drivers for top-notch audio. Bose's redesigned wireless buds are, hands-down, the best available right now if you want to block out the world as much as possible. When it comes to blocking out the world, the Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II are the best at the task. Bose introduced a redesigned active noise canceling set earlier this year and the smaller buds deliver a more comfy fit. The company also managed to improve ambient sound and maintain its track record of solid audio quality. However, the real star here is the ANC performance which is hands-down the best you can get right now. The QC Earbuds II don’t have some basic features like multipoint connectivity and wireless charging, so that might factor into your decision. They may not have features like ANC or wireless charging, but Jabra's affordable buds impress with their sound quality, good battery life and comfortable fit. Jabra packs a lot into a set of earbuds for under $100. The Elite 3 don’t have ANC, automatic pausing or wireless charging, and the EQ changes are limited to presets. However, these affordable buds have impressive sound quality, good battery life, reliable on-board controls and a very comfy fit. If you’re looking for the best earbuds to just get the job done, the Elite 3 are more than capable. Apple managed to improve the sound quality and ANC performance on the 2022 AirPods Pro, while keeping all of the conveniences that make them the best option for Apple fanatics. Apple’s latest AirPods Pro are a huge improvement over the 2019 model. The company managed to improve the sound quality and active noise cancellation while keeping all of the conveniences that make AirPods the best earbud option for iOS and Mac. To me, the most impressive feature is the transparency mode, which is more natural sounding than any other earbuds by a mile. You can leave these in during a conversation and it’s like you’re not even wearing them. Of course, fast pairing, hands-free Siri and wireless charging (MagSafe or Apple Watch chargers) will also come in handy. These are the best wireless buds Google has ever made, and they offer deep, punchy bass, solid ANC performance, reliable touch controls and wireless charging. Google has hit its stride when it comes to true wireless earbuds. Every new model the company introduces is an improvement after its first attempt failed to impress. With the Pixel Buds Pro, Google offers deep, punchy bass, solid ANC performance, reliable touch controls and wireless charging. Plus, there are added convenience features for Android and Pixel devices including Google Translate Conversation Mode. These buds' balanced and punchy bass will keep the energy up during workouts while good noise cancellation and a comfy fit make these a solid option outside of the gym, too. Most of the best AirPods features in a set of workout earbuds? That’s the Beats Fit Pro. Thanks to Apple’s H1 chip, these buds offer one-touch quick pairing, hands-free Siri and Find My tools. They’ll also allow you to use Audio Sharing with an Apple device and another set of AirPods or Beats wireless headphones for tandem listening or viewing. Balanced and punchy bass will keep the energy up during workouts while good noise cancellation and a comfy ear tip fit make these a solid option outside of the gym too. And there’s plenty of support for Android, so these aren’t just a good buy for iOS users either. These tiny buds muster some punch when it comes to sound quality, and support for high-res listening (LDAC and DSEE Extreme) are both onboard. One of the biggest surprises this year wasn’t Sony’s unique open-wear LinkBuds, it was the more mainstream follow-up. With the LinkBuds S, the company debuted a more “traditional” design akin to its premium WF-1000XM4, only this model is much smaller and lighter which leads to a much more comfy fit. These tiny wireless earbuds muster some punch when it comes to sound quality too and support for high-res listening (LDAC and DSEE Extreme) are both onboard. Capable ANC lends a hand with environmental noise and transparency mode can keep you tuned in when needed. What’s more, handy Speak-to-Chat is here and Adaptive Sound Control can automatically change settings based on activity or location. That’s a lot of premium for features at a mid-range price. Subscribe to our two newsletters:. - A weekly roundup of our favorite tech deals. - A daily dose of the news you need. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter.

Your guide to a better future. Whether you're looking to snag the hottest new phone tech or something simple to fit your budget, there's something here for everyone. This story is part of Gift Guide, our year-round collection of the best gift ideas. It's 2023 and quality smartphones are in abundance. Consumers have their pick of a wide variety of phones with fast processors, vibrant displays and powerful cameras. But with so many options, deciding which one's right for you isn't always easy. To simplify the decision, we've rounded up our top picks -- each phone on this list meets the requirements for what CNET considers to be the best smartphones. From flagship phones to budget phones under $500 and everything in between, there are plenty of worthwhile options for everyone. Every phone on this list has been thoroughly reviewed and tested, and you'll find options across iPhone and Android that fit different needs. The Apple iPhone 14 and 14 Pro impressed us with excellent performance from their processors and the cameras. But if you aren't after the best iPhone around, you still have plenty of smartphone choices, including the Pixel 7 Pro and the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra. They both offer everything you could want, from high-end performance to superb cameras. Those who want something cheaper should consider the $599 Pixel 7, while the Galaxy S23 may be more suitable for people who prefer smaller phones. There are a number of other great smartphones with eye-catching features, such as Samsung's new Galaxy Z Fold 4, which has a foldable screen. These can be quite expensive, but if your cash doesn't stretch that far, worry not. More and more affordable phones, such as the new Pixel 6A, pack great specs, high-speed 5G connectivity and more-approachable prices. Most of the phones below are available unlocked and should be compatible with the big four US wireless carriers, unless otherwise specified. Many of the best phones of 2022 remain available below, but we review and update this list regularly and will keep you posted as we test new models in the year ahead. For more info, read our guide to help find the best phone for your needs and take a look at our tips on how to buy a new Apple iPhone or Android phone and where to snag the best phone deals. Apple's iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max introduce sweeping changes like the Dynamic Island, a new 48-megapixel camera system and Apple's new A16 Bionic processor. All of these upgrades come together to make for an experience that feels fresh and fast. The upgrades to the main camera allow it to take some truly stunning photos, making the phone a solid option if you're into mobile photography. As Apple's top phone it doesn't come cheap -- especially if you want the larger Max model -- but if you're looking for the best all-round performance in an iPhone, then the 14 Pro is the phone to get. Read our Apple iPhone 14 Pro review. While the base iPhone 14 doesn't have the same triple camera array or new Dynamic Island notch as its pricier 14 Pro sibling, it still offers a lot to be excited about and comes with a more affordable price. CNET editor Patrick Holland describes it as "a good upgrade for most people" thanks to its solid performance, updated main camera and various other tweaks including a more repairable glass back in case it takes a tumble. It's not a huge overhaul from last year's models, but if you're in the market for a new iPhone and you don't fancy spending the big bucks on the Pro series, then it's a great option to consider. Read our Apple iPhone 14 review. With its stellar triple camera, refined design and spacious 6.7-inch screen, there's a lot to love about the Pixel 7 Pro. Although it's not very different from the previous Pixel 6 Pro, it will feel like a big change to those upgrading from a phone that's more than two years old. Google has improved the zoom capabilities on the Pixel 7 Pro, giving it a 30x digital zoom compared to the 6 Pro's 20x range for capturing tighter shots. Both the Pixel 7 and 7 Pro are getting some new features powered by Google's Tensor G2 chip, such as the ability to sharpen old photos. You'll also get free access to Google's VPN on the Pixel 7 and 7 Pro. At $899, the Pixel 7 Pro is cheaper than both the $1,000 Galaxy S23 Plus and $1,200 Galaxy S23 Ultra at their regular starting prices, making it a solid choice for those who want a giant screen and an excellent camera for less. Read our Google Pixel 7 Pro review. The Galaxy S23 is a lot, but in a good way. It's more than most people need in a phone, but that doesn't make it any less impressive. Samsung made improvements to the camera's resolution (200 megapixels compared to 108 megapixels), color tones and dynamic range, while retaining the same edgy design and massive 6.8-inch screen as its predecessor. There's also a new Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor that's been optimized specifically for Samsung's phones, which brings faster performance compared to the Galaxy S22 Ultra. Starting at $1,200, it may be an understatement to call this phone expensive. But those willing to pay more for a giant screen and a high-quality, versatile camera won't be disappointed. Read our full review of the Galaxy S23 Ultra. Android fans looking for a petite phone don't have much to choose from. But the 6.1-inch Galaxy S23 provides a compelling option for those who want a phone that feels compact but still provides enough screen space. The Galaxy S23 comes with routine upgrades like a fresh processor (a version of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 that's been optimized for Samsung's phones), a slightly new design and a higher-resolution selfie camera. But it's the Galaxy S23's larger battery that makes it worth recommending. Read our full review of the Galaxy S23. The Pixel 7 costs significantly less than the Galaxy S23 and iPhone 14, but nails the basics extremely well for a phone of its price. You'll also get extra features that are specific to Google phones, like the ability to have the Google Assistant wait on hold for you. The Pixel 7 isn't very different from the Pixel 6, but it doesn't need to be. Instead, it adds refinements like a closer digital camera zoom, a slightly upgraded design with a more prominent camera bar made of metal and face unlock. The new Tensor G2 processor also brings some new photography improvements, like Photo Unblur, which sharpens old photos. Overall, the Pixel 7 is a great choice for those who want a new Android phone with a reasonably large screen at a price that's more affordable than Samsung's Galaxy S23 family. Read our Google Pixel 7 review. Google no longer sells the Pixel 6 Pro through its website, but you can still find it through some third-party retailers at a significant discount for now. The Pixel 6 Pro's unique design, great software additions, superb camera quality and solid all-around performance earned the phone an excellent rating when CNET reviewed it in 2021. It's more than a year old, but many of our initial impressions still hold true. All told, it's a worthwhile choice for those who want a spacious screen and a top-notch camera on a budget. Read our Google Pixel 6 Pro review. While Apple's new iPhone 14 and 14 Pro might be the more exciting options with their upgraded cameras and the Pro's new Dynamic Island notch, Apple is still selling the base iPhone 13. The standard iPhone 13 is a reliable choice for most people, sporting a 6.1-inch screen and two excellent rear cameras. We loved the iPhone 13's balance of power, camera performance and price and while it's not a huge amount of money saved over the base iPhone 14, if you're looking for a new handset and trying to keep your costs down it could be money well saved. Read our Apple iPhone 13 review. The $700 OnePlus 11 is a powerful phone that's well equipped to handle gaming, video streaming and other common tasks. In typical OnePlus fashion, this phone is also cheaper than the $800 Galaxy S23 and $900 Pixel 7 Pro. The cameras aren't the best, but they're fine for casual photographers that just want to capture their next vacation or a night out. What sets the OnePlus 11 apart from many of its rivals is its blazing fast 100-watt fast charging, which can replenish the battery in just 25 minutes. (The US version only supports 80-watt charging, but that's still an improvement over the Galaxy S23 Ultra's 45-watt charging). Overall, the OnePlus 11 is ideal for those who want a powerful phone that charges quickly and won't break the bank. Read our full review of the OnePlus 11. Apple's 2022 iPhone SE may not have the incredible multiple cameras of the top-end iPhone 13 Pro, but the iPhone SE has a lot to offer if you're looking for a great experience without spending flagship levels of cash. It's 5G-enabled, for one, it runs the latest iOS 15 software and it packs the same A15 Bionic processor found in Apple's top phones. As a result, performance is lightning-fast. Read our Apple iPhone SE (2022) review. The Pixel 6A is Google's newest midrange phone, replacing the Pixel 5A as the $449 device in its lineup. CNET's Lisa Eadicicco called it the "best Android phone under $500" in her Pixel 6A review, noting that it keeps the same Tensor chip seen in the $599 Pixel 6 and many of its features. The phone is slightly smaller than the Pixel 6, featuring an 6.1-inch OLED display and a refresh rate of 60Hz. And it has a similar camera to the Pixel 5A, including a 12.2-megapixel main camera and a 12-megapixel ultrawide camera. But by including the Tensor chip, photos can benefit from its Real Tone skin tone feature, Face Unblur, Night Sight for darker photography and the Magic Eraser for removing unwanted elements from a photo. Samsung's $1,000 Galaxy Z Flip 4 is the most portable and fun phone CNET's Patrick Holland reviewed last year. It inherits the best parts of the Z Flip 3, like its pocketable flip phone-inspired design and Flex Mode, which makes it easier to use the phone when it's propped open halfway. The Z Flip 4 also has a new image sensor, which improves image quality compared to the Flip 3, along with a bigger battery and newer processor. These improvements address some of the Z Flip 3's biggest shortcomings, even though Samsung didn't give us everything we wanted (like a larger cover screen). But all told, the Galaxy Z Flip 4 is a great choice for those who want a phone that's more portable than almost anything else you'll find on the market. You could also go for the Galaxy Z Flip 3, which Samsung still sells at a lower $900 price. But that's still a lot to spend on a new phone, so I'd recommend spending a little extra now that the Galaxy Z Flip 3 is roughly a year and a half old. You might as well invest in newer technology that will last longer if possible, especially if you can score a good trade-in deal. Read our Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 review. If you're someone who prefers smaller, pocket-friendly devices, this is the phone for you. The 6.1-inch iPhone 13 Mini is easy to use with one hand and even fits into tight jean pockets. Starting at $699, this is the cheapest model in Apple's iPhone 13 lineup. While battery life isn't as long as on the iPhone 13, this petite Apple iPhone doesn't sacrifice on camera capabilities or processing power. At a whopping price of $2,500, the Sony Xperia Pro isn't for everyone. But if you're a photographer or videographer looking for professional-level camera phone features, you can't go wrong. The Xperia Pro is essentially four products in one: a phone, a camera monitor, a speedy photo file transfer device, and a 5G machine suitable for broadcasting and livestreaming. Read our Sony Xperia Pro review. Every phone that appears on this list has been thoroughly tested by CNET's expert reviews team. That means actually using the phone, testing the features, playing games on them and taking photos with them. No marketing promises are taken at face value, and if we find something we don't like, be it battery life or build quality, we'll tell you all about it. Testing a phone means testing every element of the device. Is the display bright, sharp, vibrant? Does the design feel good to hold, is it heavy, does it feel well made and is it water resistant? We test the processor performance using both standardized benchmark tools like GeekBench and 3DMark, along with our own anecdotal observations while navigating the interface or when playing demanding games. All the cameras (both front and back) are tested in a variety of conditions from bright sunlight through to dark scenes (for any available night modes), and we compare our findings against similarly priced models. We run battery tests, running them down from full to see how long they're likely to keep going out there in the real world. We take into account additional features like 5G, fingerprint or face scanners, styluses, fast charging, flexible displays or other extras that can be useful. And we of course balance all of this against the price to give you the verdict on whether that phone, whatever price it is, actually represents good value. All of today's phones pack some kind of camera setup on the back, with most packing multiple ones offering things like ultra-wide views or telephoto zooms. Even a budget-focused phone should be able to take a well-exposed image in good light, using HDR techniques to balance bright skies and shadowy areas. More expensive phones like the iPhone 14 Pro will use larger image sensors, better-quality lenses and image stabilization that let in more light, capturing highly detailed images with beautiful colors -- in daylight and at night. Then there are phones like Samsung's Galaxy S22 Ultra, which packs a huge 10x optical zoom lens that lets you zoom in close on far-away details without sacrificing image quality. Typically, the more you pay, the better quality you'll get, with the most advanced features being reserved for the most expensive flagships. But unless you're a committed photographer, then most recent smartphones will be able to take good-enough shots of your kids at the beach to share with family and friends, so don't think you need to spend a fortune to get a usable camera. You can see our roundup of the best camera phones, with options at different prices, including budget phone cameras like the Google Pixel 6A. There's a vast array of case options for almost every phone on the market, so which one is best really comes down to what you need it for. Many cases are simply there for the style. They might be made of luxury materials like leather or fabric, or simply come with some fancy design that you'll enjoy having in your pocket all the time. And while these cases will certainly help keep light scratches and scuffs off your phone, you should look toward more specialized rugged cases if you want to take your smartphone on a rough-and-tumble adventure into the outdoors. We've got great roundups of excellent phone cases to buy, whether you need the best case for an iPhone 14 or a case for your new Galaxy S23. Battery life has always been a difficult topic in smartphones. As phones get more powerful they get more power-hungry, but keeping them slim enough to slide into a pocket means little room for a battery. Long gone are the days of getting a month out of a single charge. Most of today's smartphones -- even those at the top end -- should usually be able to deliver a full day of mixed use out of a charge. That means you should have a bit of juice left at the end of your day, but you should expect to give it a full charge when you plug it in next to your bed at night. Mixed use is subjective, of course, but typically it would involve some general messaging and email, web browsing and listening to streaming music or podcasts for a couple of hours. Throw in some photos on your walk home from work, too. More demanding tasks like playing vibrant, 3D games like Asphalt 9: Legends will drain your battery much faster. If you plan on playing a lot of games, then make sure you're within reach of a plug or carry a mobile battery pack with you. Phone storage has increased over time as our phones have to store much more data-heavy things these days. Apps and games use higher-resolution graphics or other modern features that mean they have to take up more room on your phone. It's common for graphically intense games to take up several gigabytes of space, which is huge when you consider the first-generation iPhone came with a base 4GB of storage. Most phones tend to come with a minimum of 128GB of storage, which is a good amount for apps, games and locally stored music. But it's important to think about what you'll be doing with your phone. If you want to download and play a lot of games, then consider opting for a higher-capacity version. If you're into photography and expect to take a lot of high-resolution photos, 4K video or DNG raw images, then again you'll benefit from having more storage so you don't have to keep deleting older files before you can take new ones. Having extra storage can be great peace of mind that you'll be able to shoot away at your kid's birthday party without worrying about missing that crucial moment because you ran out of space. But you'll pay more for that storage, with the iPhone 14 Pro's top 1TB of space costing half as much again as the base 128GB model. Whether that's a worthwhile investment is up to you. Pretty much every phone you can buy today is a smartphone. Smartphones let you do more than just make calls; they connect to the internet for web browsing, you can download apps and games, and they typically have cameras capable of taking -- and displaying -- photos and videos. In short, they're just what we know of today as a "phone," and everything on this list qualifies as a smartphone. They're worlds apart from the older-style "feature" phones like the original Nokia 3210, although even those have been updated with "smart" functions. And it is still possible to buy extremely basic feature phones, with physical buttons and no internet connectivity, although these are much more niche and far fewer companies still make them.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. The Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra is the best phone you can buy right now. The best phone in 2023 is a jack of all trades, and a master of everything. Nothing less than excellence will be accepted, because the competition is fierce, and you can find great performance, amazing photography, and top-notch design at every price point, and on every platform. While tight budgets are a top concern this year, we can’t help but marvel at the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra and everything it can do. It’s too expensive for most people, but thankfully the performance and features trickle down into the more affordable Samsung tiers. Forgiving the price, there isn’t a better phone you can buy right now. Our second-place phone costs a fraction of the price of our number one, but the Google Pixel 6a will amaze you with its great photo skills, snappy performance, and unique features that only Google Pixel phones with the Tensor chipset inside can manage. Also, the price is truly unbelievable for a smartphone this good. Don’t worry, iPhone fans, we also have you covered with the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max, essentially the same phone in every way except the screen size and battery. We also have our pick among the less expensive iPhones, if you want to jump into Apple’s walled garden for a bit less. One thing we don’t have on our list is phones that you can’t buy everywhere. If there are significant regional sales restrictions, we won’t be including those phones until all of our readers can buy one. We’ve also removed any phones that you can’t buy new right now, though refurbished and used phones can represent a great deal. Once you’re done reading this overall list, you can dig into the best smartphone brands. We’ve reviewed all of the greatest phones and gathered up the best Samsung phones, best iPhones, and best Google Pixel phones you can buy. While you're thinking about purchasing one of the best phones, don't forget to add on one of the best power banks too if you need one. Why you can trust TechRadar 


We spend hours testing every product or service we review, so you can be sure you’re buying the best. Find out more about how we test. The Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra is a phone of excess, with a massive screen, a top-tier chipset, an S Pen Stylus, and a quad-lens camera – including a new 200MP main sensor. Really the only thing holding this phone back is its astronomical price. Why it’s ranked 1st: The Galaxy S23 Ultra does everything and then a bit more. It’s packed with features (and a hidden pen) that rivals can’t match. Screen: You won't find a much better display than the big, bright, AMOLED screen on the Galaxy S23 Ultra. It isn't quite the brightest, and it lacks Dolby Vision support, but it's still smooth, with a fast 120Hz refresh that looks fantastic watching movies or playing games. Battery life: Sure, we can always ask for more battery (maybe instead of the pen next time?), but the Galaxy S23 Ultra lasted incredibly long in our review tests, longer than most devices we've tested recently. It keeps the same 5,000 mAh battery as its predecessor (and most flagships today), but manages power well. Camera: The Galaxy S23 Ultra is like carrying an entire camera bag full of lenses. Its versatility makes it the best camera phone money can buy. There are plenty of lenses, great shooting modes, and now even an expert-level app, making this the best phone for serious photography. Read our full Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra review. The Pixel 6a flew under our radar when it was launched, because it was priced a bit higher than we’d like - but the phone now costs almost a third less in many regions (including the US). That makes it an incredible bargain, given the features and performance that Google offers. It cuts the right corners and delivers a great photo and Android experience. Why it’s ranked 2nd: If you’re looking for a seriously great phone for the most affordable price, we’ve bumped the Google Pixel 6a high on this list because it fits the bill for you right now. The camera takes photos that are real crowd-pleasers and easy to share. Plus, it’s packed with Pixel-exclusive features thanks to the Google Tensor chipset. ★★★★. Screen: The 6.1-inch display on the Pixel 6a is a bit smaller than the Pixel 6, but keeps the same resolution, so it looks sharp. Most flagship phones run faster and have smoother refresh rates, but this Pixel is stuck at 60Hz, one of our biggest complaints. Faster refresh would drain more power, though. Battery life: Our biggest complaint about the Pixel 6a in our in-depth review was that the battery died too early, and we wanted faster charging to make up for it. The battery cell is a solid 4,410mAh, and it managed to make it through most of our day, but we still needed to top it up regularly to stay charged. Camera: The Pixel 6a won a major blind image survey conducted by Marques Brownlee, which is a convincing win for this simplified shooter. It doesn’t pack megapixels or zoom, just competent image processing that delivers photos you’ll consistently enjoy at a 12MP size that makes them good for simple sharing or even printing. Read our full Google Pixel 6a review. The iPhone 14 Pro and the bigger Pro Max are Apple's best phones yet, thanks to new cameras and the cool Dynamic Island. Why it's ranked 3rd: There’s a reason why the iPhone 14 Pro is so popular: it simply gets everything right. It doesn’t pack too many features or ask you to adjust tons of settings, which makes it easier to use for most people. It’s an iPhone, so you know that it’s a phone you can keep for years to come. Screen: The iPhone 14 Pro's display is the brightest you can buy in most regions (some Chinese phones top it), and it looks great, even in low-refresh always-on mode. The Dynamic Island camera cutout is contentious; we’re not fans of the insipid pill, but maybe Apple will remember it exists eventually. Battery life: We always want better battery life, but the iPhone 14 Pro will last a full day, and maybe more if you’re careful. The iPhone 14 Pro Max hides a bigger battery behind its bigger display, so if stamina is really important, that’s a reason to go for the larger model. Camera: The Apple iPhone 14 Pro finally gets a major camera upgrade, quadrupling the pixels on the main camera sensor. Of course, most images still develop at 12MP, not the full 48MP, but that pixel-binning technique gives you great images in any light condition. Read more: iPhone 14 Pro review | iPhone 14 Pro Max review. Pound for pound a knockout, the Pixel 7 Pro uses computational wits to beat rivals at great photography and exclusive Pixel features. Why it’s ranked 4th: The Pixel 7 Pro is every bit as good as the best smartphones from Apple and Samsung. It looks great, takes amazing photos, and stands out in a crowd. Google implements software features as art, and the Pixel 7 Pro improves the smartphone in areas we’d forgotten needed improvement.. Screen: We’ve been very impressed with the display on the Google Pixel 7 Pro. It uses an LTPO OLED display, similar to the tech you’ll find on the iPhone 14 Pro, and has a super-crisp 3120 x 1440 resolution. We always find the Pixel 7 Pro exceedingly bright and colorful. It’s a delight to read, and easy to use for photographs, even in bright sunlight. Battery life: Battery life on the Pixel 7 Pro is good, more than a day's full use, but we ended each day with only between 10-20% juice left. The Pixel 7 Pro also supports wireless charging in both directions. Camera: Photos that we took with the Google Pixel 7 Pro always looked the way we wanted them to look, and that’s high praise. It never seemed to focus on the wrong part of the scene, or underexpose our subject in favor of a brighter background. Our images looked warm and dynamic, as opposed to the flat, colder images the iPhone camera sometimes passes off as ‘accurate.’. Read our full Google Pixel 7 Pro review. The iPhone 13 was a refined, high-performing improvement when it launched, and time has hardly aged this marvel. Instead of upgrading the newest iPhone 14 with bigger cameras and faster chips, it left the base model mostly untouched, while the iPhone 14 Pro got the big changes. That means the iPhone 13 is just as fast and feature-packed as today’s entry iPhone, but easier on the wallet. We’d save money and buy this one without hesitation. Why it's ranked 6th: The Apple iPhone 13 won fans at launch, and Apple didn’t give much reason to upgrade when the next gen arrived. The iPhone 13 performs like a champ, with the same A15 Bionic used in the iPhone 14, and the screen, the cameras, and the overall design are essentially unchanged. For less money, it’s a much better pick, especially since it’s still available new from Apple. Screen: An iPhone display is always sharp and color accurate, and the iPhone 13 doesn’t disappoint. The display is the same as you’ll find on the iPhone 14. It isn’t the brightest, but it looks great. If you are into serious gaming you may want a phone with a faster refresh rate, but for most uses, you won’t notice. Battery life: We always want more battery life, but the iPhone 13 was better than most iPhones for longevity. While the iPhone 14 offers marginal improvements in some circumstances, our own experience is that the iPhone 13 lasted just as long. Camera: There is no doubt that the iPhone 13 can take great photos, and the cameras were not significantly upgraded for the iPhone 14, so you won’t feel left out compared to the new model. Photos max out at 12MP, which is a shareable size. Apple’s base iPhone lacks a serious zoom lens, and the photo options can be limited compared to Androids. Read the full review: Apple iPhone 13 review. The Samsung Galaxy S23 is slim and light, yet it still packs the same best-in-class Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy processor as the Galaxy S23 Ultra. It offers a great mix of style, performance, and features that will please Galaxy fans. Why it's ranked 6th: The Galaxy S23 is a goldilocks phone, a bit of this and a bit of that adding up to a surprisingly compact whole. It doesn’t exceed the competition in any one area, except that it manages all of the power of the Galaxy S23 Ultra (see above) in a case that is slimmer and lighter than the competing iPhones or Pixels. Screen: With a fast refresh rate and a high maximum brightness, the Galaxy S23 display is impressive. It lacks Dolby Vision, but it can display HDR10+, which the video camera can also record. Battery life: We always ask for more battery power, but the Galaxy S23 had no trouble lasting through a full day and into the next morning. Other phones charge faster, but you still have wireless and reverse wireless charging support. Camera: It may not pack as many pixels as the big Galaxy S23 Ultra, but the S23 is no slouch, and the new Snapdragon image processor helps with HDR imaging, especially for video. Read more: Samsung Galaxy S23 review
Price comparison: The best Samsung Galaxy S23 deals. The OnePlus 11 returns to the company’s roots, delivering premium performance and a few impressive specs while trading other features for a price cut versus the big name competitors. That means the OnePlus 11 is cheaper than Samsung and Apple, and OnePlus doesn’t confuse its lineup with Pro and Plus versions. It’s got everything OnePlus does well, and it works great. Why it’s ranked 7th: The OnePlus 11 is super fast, with a dazzling display that really pops with color. The interface is a lighter touch on Google’s Android than Samsung’s One UI, while adding useful features. If you’re into shareable photography, the OnePlus 11 delivers a unique camera experience that can be unpredictable and limited, but that results in amazing shots when it delivers. Screen: The display on the OnePlus 11 really pops. The AMOLED screen can refresh up to 120Hz, and the smooth rate is noticeable playing fast games with tons of particle effects. It supports both Dolby Vision and HDR10+ for color accuracy. It could be brighter, but it’s otherwise fantastic. Battery life: Battery life is decent in its own right, but when it comes to charging it's a champion. With the included (!) charger, you can fill the battery in less than 30 minutes. It’s even faster outside of the US, where higher voltage rules. There’s no wireless charging, though. Camera: The Hasselblad-branded camera setup on the OnePlus 11 isn’t for everyone. We managed to grab some amazing portraits, and landscape photos looked excellent, but photos had a distinct look and feel to them. The camera can’t handle versatile shots like distant zoom or macro close-ups. Read our full OnePlus 11 review. The Galaxy Z Flip 4 represents the culmination of Samsung’s clamshell foldable dreams into a phone we can finally recommend without reservation. It doesn’t have the super camera setup, and it’s more expensive than it should be, but the Z Flip 4 offers one of the most unique and satisfying experiences you can get from a mobile device. Why it's ranked 8th: Don’t knock the Galaxy Z Flip 4 before you’ve tried it, because the overall experience of the clamshell foldable is greater than the sum of its modest parts. Being able to slap the phone closed when you need to hang up is a true revelation, a new experience for smartphones, and while it may not be worth the extra cost for most people, it’s getting more affordable. Beyond the fold, the Z Flip 4 is no slouch in performance, either. Screen: The folding screen on the Galaxy Z Flip 4 looks great, and we hardly noticed the gigantic crease down the center. Well, almost. But it’s worth the trade-off for such a compact foldable. Battery life: The Galaxy Z Flip 4 needs some improvement in this area; battery life is fine, but not as good as most flat phones. Of course, the thin, foldable design means a smaller battery inside, and the 3,700 mAh cell is a far cry from the 5,000 mAh batteries elsewhere. Camera: The Z Flip 4's biggest letdown is its camera setup. Compared to every other flagship Galaxy phone, the Z Flip 4 falls behind with fewer lenses, fewer pixels, and limited options. You can fold the phone in half for better photography angles, and that’s a plus, but we wish it had more robust cameras. Read our full Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 4 review. The first thing you need to decide when buying a new smartphone is how much you want to spend. The smartphone market varies dramatically, from very high-end handsets that cost well over four-figures, to much cheaper phones that can be found for only a few hundred. We have options at the top of our list at both ends of the price spectrum. Once you've decided how much you want to spend, you should decide whether you want to try one of the best Android phones or go for one of the best iPhones. Often the platform decision has more to do with your work, your friends and family and what they use to share photos and messages, and what sort of computer or devices you already own. Now that you've settled on your price and platform, you should decide on the cameras. Are you a serious photographer looking for a serious camera? Or do you like to take easy photos that are fun to edit and share? Phones with more lenses and higher megapixel counts demand more, but offer versatility; simpler phones with a 12MP limit tend to do more work for you. If you're looking for something outside the norm, we have plenty of unique options as well. There are phones with a built-in pen for writing, and phones that fold in half to be more compact. There are large phones, small phones, and Max-sized phones. We have phones with space-level zoom, and phones that specialize in touching portraits. No matter what phone you choose, you can be sure that we have thoroughly tested and vetted every phone on this list, and we know you'll be satisfied with any of these in your pocket. Every phone we consider for inclusion on this list is subject to a full TechRadar test process and review. This is the way we can ensure that the products we recommend to our readers are truly worth their hard-earned money. At the very core of that test process is by emulating how you'll use the device if you buy it. We do so simply by using each phone as it if was our own for at least a week, slotting our SIM card in (or eSIM, in the case of the new iPhones). We then use it for all our every day mobile needs, from making calls and using our social media account to media consumption and photography. At the very core of that test process is by emulating how you'll use the device if you buy it. We do so simply by using each phone as it if was our own for at least a week, slotting our SIM card in (or eSIM, in the case of the new iPhones. We then use it for all our every day mobile needs, from making calls and using our social media account to media consumption and photography. So, we'll game to work out how powerful a phone is, time it when it's charging, test how long it takes to run down, and see just well it handles the day-to-day over a period of time. Naturally, we focus more on the most important aspects such as its design, display, cameras, software, battery life, price, and overall performance. We've seen every phone around, so we have a good idea how each of these phones stacks up to the other. We use both iPhone and Android, from the most expensive models to the most affordable, so we know what you're getting, no matter what you pay. We make sure the phones deliver what we'd expect for the cost. Once we're done, we don't stop. We keep updating our reviews as we learn more, and as the phones are updated. Our reviews are always fresh, so check back before you buy to make sure you're getting the latest opinion on the best phones you can buy. Sign up to receive daily breaking news, reviews, opinion, analysis, deals and more from the world of tech. Phil Berne is a preeminent voice in consumer electronics reviews, having reviewed his first device (the Sony D-EJ01 Discman) more than 20 years ago for eTown.com. He has been writing about phones and mobile technology, since before the iPhone, for a variety of sites including PCMag, infoSync, PhoneScoop, and Slashgear. He holds an M.A. in Cultural Theory from Carnegie Mellon University. Phil was the internal reviewer for Samsung Mobile, writing opinions and review predictions about top secret new devices months before launch. He left in 2017. He worked at an Apple Store near Boston, MA, at the height of iPod popularity. He has been a High School English teacher at Title I schools, and is a certified Lifeguard. His passion is smartphones and wearables, and he is sure that the next big thing will be phones we wear on our faces. Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.

Whether you're looking for an Android smartphone, iPhone, or a simple feature phone, these are our top picks for a variety of budgets across the major US wireless carriers. I'm that 5G guy. I've actually been here for every "G." I've reviewed well over a thousand products during 18 years working full-time at PCMag.com, including every generation of the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S. I also write a weekly newsletter, Fully Mobilized, where I obsess about phones and networks. I love portable technology—if you can put it in a pocket or a bag, I’m probably into it. I’ve covered phones and tablets of all shapes and sizes, and reviewed everything from game consoles to laptops in my decade-plus career. Prior to joining PCMag, I wrote articles for Android Authority, How-To Geek, MUO, New Atlas, Tom’s Hardware, and plenty of other tech publications. For most of us, mobile phones are at the center of our universe. The typical feature set of these palm-sized marvels is astounding. It's your phone, messaging device, web browser, camera, music player, GPS, and more. The phone you choose affects your life in a multitude of ways. That's why we're here to help you pick exactly the right one. We're a smartphone-dominated nation, with 5G now widely available across much of the land. We're down to three major, nationwide wireless carriers, but a new entrant, Dish, recently launched coverage for over 120 million people and is slowly building out a 5G network. Moreover, virtual carriers such as Google Fi, US Mobile, and Visible keep competition alive and push prices down. But some of our choices have constricted a bit: The smartphone OS marketplace is basically down to Apple's iOS and Google's Android. It's surprisingly difficult to find a really good simple voice phone nowadays, too. We've reviewed almost every smartphone available for AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon Wireless, as well as for many of their sub-brands such as Cricket, Metro, and Visible. But rather than simply choosing the phones with the highest ratings here, we aim to deliver a list of devices that covers every budget. We generally focus on the hottest, newest releases, but you can also find great value in slightly older phones, so make sure to shop around. We also include some helpful buying advice below the list that can help you throughout your search. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. The iPhone 14 Pro Max is the most iPhone you can get, with the fastest processor, the best screen, the biggest battery, and the most capable cameras. Simply put, this is the best iPhone money can buy. In a rare feat, the Pixel 7 impressed us more than its pricier sibling, the Pixel 7 Pro. Between its excellent cameras, silky smooth Android experience, and slick design, it's one of the best midrange phones we've tested. The Pixel 7 is an excellent phone for anyone who wants a premium device for not a lot of money. The Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra offers superb specs including a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy processor, up to 1TB of storage, up to 12GB of RAM, and the best camera stack you can get in the US. The built-in S Pen stylus is another significant point in its favor for artists and notetakers. If you want 10x telephoto zoom power, a 200MP primary lens, and stylus support, stop your search here. Just make sure you have the funds to afford this pricey flagship. There isn't a lot of competition in the folding phone space (at least in the US), so the Galaxy Z Fold 4 is your only viable choice. Fortunately, it feels premium, offers strong connectivity, and makes good use of its extra screen real estate. Just prepare to spend some big bucks. If you aren't afraid to jump into the deep end with some fairly new technology, the Z Fold 4 might be your ideal next phone. It's the latest (and by far the best) entry in Samsung's Fold lineup and is sure to turn a few heads. The base model iPhone 14 offers everything you want from an iPhone for a lot less money than a Pro version. If you don't need bleeding-edge hardware or the largest screen, the standard iPhone 14 won't let you down. The Motorola G Power costs less than $200 and delivers a suitable experience for the price. The main highlights include a 90Hz screen and extensive battery life. We recommend the Moto G Power to anyone looking for a smartphone for under $200. The Galaxy S23+ hits the sweet spot among Android flagships. It's not as massive as the Galaxy S23 Ultra, but still has plenty of screen real estate and nearly as powerful internals. It can also take stunning photos, even without its larger sibling's 10x telephoto lens. Other positives include fast 45W wired charging, a bright panel, and long battery life. If you want a high-end Android phone that costs just a little less, this is the device to buy. We haven't forgotten about the humble feature phone. The Sunbeam F1 prioritizes communication over everything else and we applaud it for that reason. Anyone who doesn't need a smartphone should check out the Sunbeam F1. Few phones on the market still have a QWERTY keyboard, but the Unihertz Titan Pocket is an exception. We're fans of its sculpted key layout, as well as its dual-SIM design and reasonable price. If you want a phone with a physical keyboard, you won't find a better option than the Unihertz Titan Pocket. Despite all the recent hardware and mobile software innovation, choosing a wireless service provider remains the most important decision. No matter what device you buy, it's a paperweight unless you have solid wireless coverage. You should choose a carrier that offers fair prices and provides the best coverage in your area. If you're interested in performance and you live in a metro area, pay the most attention to where carriers have "mid-band" 5G and use phones that support that technology. T-Mobile won our Best Mobile Network award in 2022 because it's far ahead of the other carriers on both counts. It has speedy mid-band in more places than the other carriers, and all its current 5G phones support mid-band. AT&T performed best in areas away from cities and off the interstates. Verizon's C-band 5G is spreading fast: it now covers some 200 million Americans, but you need the right phone to take advantage of it. UScellular is available only in about half the country. It has a reputation for good customer service, but we haven't been able to test it because its service is not available near where our staffers live. The newest national carrier is Dish. We headed out to test its network and found it's in a very early beta state—exciting for wireless geeks, but ordinary consumers probably should wait a while. It's only available in 12 markets, covering about 30 million people. There are also plenty of virtual operators that use the big three networks for service but offer lower monthly rates, cheaper international calls, or other benefits. They're typically better for less intensive users, and most don't have family plans. Mint Mobile (on T-Mobile's network), Consumer Cellular (on AT&T's), and Spectrum Mobile (on Verizon's) all got higher ratings in our Readers’ Choice survey than the companies that host their service. AT&T owns Cricket, T-Mobile owns Metro by T-Mobile, Verizon owns Visible, and Google owns Google Fi. Verizon now also owns Net10, Page Plus, Simple Mobile, Straight Talk, Total Wireless, and Tracfone, although it might sell off some of those brands. We spotlight some of our favorite virtual operators in our roundup of the best cheap phone plans. We also have a story on the best cheap phones. 5G arrived in 2019, and most new smartphones now support some form of it. Though 5G may change everything eventually, it won't happen immediately. As noted above, our Best Mobile Networks tests for 2022 showed that T-Mobile's 5G mid-band network is making a considerable difference in performance. If you're on T-Mobile, you should use a mid-band 5G-compatible phone. That's an easy choice—all T-Mobile 5G phones are mid-band-compatible now. AT&T has a strong 4G network and not much mid-band 5G. It has been studiously installing a new form of mid-band called 3.45GHz(Opens in a new window), but you need an iPhone 14, Samsung Galaxy S23, or fourth-generation Samsung Galaxy foldable model to take advantage of it. Hopefully, more upcoming phones will support this spectrum. Verizon Wireless is famous for its top-notch network quality. It recently turned on C-band 5G in areas covering more than 200 million people, and data shows that it's making a difference. If you're in one of the C-band areas, upgrading to a C-band compatible 5G phone with Verizon is a good move. Otherwise, Verizon's "nationwide" 5G is only slightly faster than LTE, and you don't need to concern yourself with it too much. You can find more 5G recommendations on our list of the best 5G phones. (One note: you may see a "5G E" icon on your existing AT&T phone. That isn't 5G; it is a marketing ploy. Your phone is still running on LTE 4G.). Carriers have moved to increasingly more confusing service and pricing plans, so the value of unlocked phones has risen accordingly. Unlocked phones are those you buy from a third-party store or directly from the manufacturer; they aren't tied to a specific carrier. Usually, you can use them with AT&T or T-Mobile. But some popular unlocked phones work on all three major carriers, including Verizon. For the most flexibility, look for a recent Apple iPhone, Google Pixel, Samsung Galaxy S flagship, or Motorola phone. If you use a low-cost MVNO service, make sure your unlocked phone works on its network; we've received several emails stating that some MVNOs don't support phones that should work on their networks. In the past, unlocked 4G phones typically worked on all the major carriers, but 5G phones are different. Apple, Google, and Samsung's 5G phones work on every major US carrier, but many other brands either have limited band support or are only certified for specific carriers. AT&T customers should take extra caution before buying an unlocked 5G phone because the carrier has not yet certified many of the phones its network theoretically supports. As more people become accustomed to instant email, web, music, and messaging access at all times of the day, regardless of where they are, smartphones have become almost indispensable. But that doesn't mean everyone wants the same mobile experience. Sometimes, a platform's user interface or app selection speaks to you, and that's all there is to it. With that in mind, and at the risk of attracting flames, let's break it down as well as we can for those who aren't so fully vested. There's actually less diversity in smartphone platforms and designs than ever. Android and iOS are the two remaining major smartphone platforms, both in US sales and in the availability of third-party apps. The iPhone has the best app store and the best media features. But Apple's tightly controlled ecosystem can feel stifling to some, and iOS isn't easy to customize or modify. There's far more variety among Android handsets, and Android's open-source nature makes it a tweaker's dream. But it also means fragmented third-party app compatibility, occasional bugs, carrier bloatware you can't remove, and less consistent OS updates. Strictly interested in Android? Head over to our roundup of the best Android phones. Baffled by the variety of iPhones? Here's how to decide which iPhone to buy. And if you want to document the world around you with your phone, we've rounded up the best camera phones, too. Some people still use simpler phones, even though the number of choices is steadily dwindling. The top reasons to consider these models are their lower price, ease of use, and often cheaper associated service plans (because mobile data isn't a factor). There are some great deals for voice-only plans on virtual carriers such as TracFone and Consumer Cellular. Unlike smartphones, feature phones are a matter of "what you see is what you get." They don't receive software upgrades or run thousands of additional apps. For voice quality, read our feature on how to make your cell phone calls sound better. Wireless network coverage is always the biggest factor, but individual phones can vary in reception, earpiece quality, transmission quality through the microphone, and sidetone (the echo of your voice that helps prevent you from yelling at the other person). A phone with middling to poor reception quality can be almost impossible to use in a marginal coverage area. In contrast, one with excellent reception can make the best of the little signal that's available. Another point to consider: Some phones have much louder speakerphones than others. For more, see our picks for the best phones for seniors. We also have a roundup of the best phones for kids. The best time to buy a new phone is when you need one. If your phone took a header into the pool or met its demise on the pavement, get whatever is available that best meets your needs. But if you're watching your budget or riding the cutting edge, a little knowledge and planning can keep you from buying a phone that's about to be discounted or replaced with something newer and cooler. The pandemic and the global chipset shortage upended the usual phone release cycles for some time, but things seem to be returning to normal now. For instance, Apple released the iPhone 14 models in September, as it has done in the past. Google's new Pixels came out in October. And Samsung stuck with its usual schedule of Galaxy S devices in February and foldable phones in August. Note that we update this story every time we review a new phone worth a spot on the list, so it changes often. Be sure to check back soon for our latest recommendations. Sign up for Fully Mobilized newsletter to get our top mobile tech stories delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! I'm that 5G guy. I've actually been here for every "G." I've reviewed well over a thousand products during 18 years working full-time at PCMag.com, including every generation of the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S. I also write a weekly newsletter, Fully Mobilized, where I obsess about phones and networks. Read Sascha's full bio. I love portable technology—if you can put it in a pocket or a bag, I’m probably into it. I’ve covered phones and tablets of all shapes and sizes, and reviewed everything from game consoles to laptops in my decade-plus career. Prior to joining PCMag, I wrote articles for Android Authority, How-To Geek, MUO, New Atlas, Tom’s Hardware, and plenty of other tech publications. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

Following the release of the 2022 Apple iPad Air and Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S8 line last year, there hasn’t been a ton of movement in the tablet world. At IFA, Lenovo announced refreshed versions of the Tab P11 and P11 Pro featuring updated internals and even an 11.2-inch OLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate on the Pro. Apple's latest tablet is the revamped 10.9-inch iPad, but at $449, it's a more of an upgrade from, rather than alternative for, the less expensive 10.2-inch iPad. More recently, Amazon launched revamped versions of its Fire HD 8 tablets featuring new “Tap to Alexa” functionality. While there haven't been a ton of groundbreaking releases as of late, you still have a bunch of solid tablets to choose from if you're in the market for a new one. Let's break down what you should consider before deciding on a new device, and our current best tablet choices. Before you even start looking at specific devices, consider how your new tablet will fit in with the gadgets you already own, and how you plan to use it. For example, if everyone in your house uses Macs and iPhones, it probably doesn’t make a lot of sense to buy an Android tablet, even if you’ve been tempted by the massive 14.6-inch screen on the new Galaxy Tab S8 Ultra. This goes double for anyone with an extensive library of purchased videos and music that might be harder to access after switching platforms. Another consideration is the kind of work you’ll be doing. That’s because while most modern tablets are adept at browsing websites or playing games, some operating systems like iPadOS and Windows 11 are better designed to support multitasking and productivity than Android or even Chrome OS. It’s a similar situation for software, because while most popular apps and games are available on both Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store, more specialized software may only have proper support on desktop platforms like Windows or macOS. Figuring out the best screen size for you will also be related to the kind of work (or play) you intend to do. Larger screens make it much easier to view two apps side by side, with big displays also delivering a more immersive movie viewing experience. But at the same time, the larger the tablet, the less likely you’re going to want to move it around. That means you’re not only going to want to take stock of your workspace (i.e., if you have a desk or instead plan to work from a couch or even your bed), you’re also going to want to think about how the device will fit into your everyday routine or commute (if you have one). Great deals on consumer electronics delivered straight to your inbox, curated by Engadget’s editorial team. See latest. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms and Privacy Policy. Finally, you’ll want to consider any add-ons or accessories you’re planning to use, which can range from detachable keyboards to things like external mics or a stylus. The good news is that many of the best tablets nowadays offer some kind of keyboard accessory, which allows the device to function more like a 2-in-1 instead of simply being a content consumption device. Some tablets also feature things like microSD card slots that support expandable storage, or optional 4G or 5G connectivity, which can be a real boon to frequent travelers. And if you’re planning to use the tablet mainly for work, you might want to grab a USB hub for connecting all your favorite peripherals. Powered by the same Apple M2 chips you get in MacBooks, the iPad Pro is one of the fastest and most well-built tablets you can buy today. Powered by the same Apple M2 chips you get in MacBooks, the iPad Pro is one of the fastest and most well-built tablets you can buy today. It’s available in two sizes (11 and 12.9 inches) and works with a range of  accessories including the Apple Pencil and the extremely useful (but pricey) Magic Keyboard. And thanks to their 120Hz ProMotion mini-LED displays, the iPad Pro’s screen boasts strong brightness and fluid visuals, regardless of whether you’re watching a movie or creating a slideshow presentation. Recent versions of iPadOS have also made Apple’s most premium tablet a much more capable work device, with the addition of new sidebars for quickly switching between apps, a more powerful desktop-like UI for Safari, and various new toolbars throughout. The main downside is that starting at $800 for a base 11-inch model with 128GB of storage, Apple’s iPad Pros aren’t cheap, and that’s before you tack on any extras like cellular connectivity or a keyboard. But considering there’s a good chance a new iPad Pro is more powerful than your current laptop, there isn’t really anything you can throw at Apple’s top-of-the-line tablet it can’t handle. One final note is that if you like the iPad Pro but want something a bit more affordable, there’s also the fifth-gen iPad Air. This one is powered by the M1 chipset, but it has Apple Pencil support and optional 5G connectivity. And with a 10.9-inch screen, it’s basically the same size as the smaller iPad Pro too. The main difference is that the iPad Air’s display isn’t quite as bright and doesn’t support a 120Hz refresh rate. But if you’re ok with that, the 5th-gen iPad Air is essentially an iPad Pro with a less fancy screen that starts at $599 instead of $799. Available in three sizes – an 11-, 12.4- and a huge 14.6-inch model – Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S8 line has the right-sized screen for practically any need. Available in three sizes – an 11-, 12.4- and a huge 14.6-inch model – Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S8 line has the right-sized screen for practically any need. And while Android typically isn’t quite as accommodating to productivity as Windows or iPadOS, Samsung’s Dex mode offers a desktop-like UI complete with multi-window support and a taskbar for potent multitasking. Samsung’s mobile displays are also some of the best in the business, with support for 120Hz refresh rates and vibrant colors from their OLED panels. And unlike Samsung’s flagship phone line, the Galaxy Tab S8 still comes with microSD card support, though sadly, Samsung couldn’t seem to find room for a dedicated headphone jack. You even get a choice of three different covers: a simple folio, a keyboard cover and a keyboard cover with a built-in touchpad, so you can choose the right accessory for your needs. The latest Surface Pro 9 has a beautiful display with a smooth 120Hz refresh rate and improved stereo speakers, plus an accessible SSD that gives you the option of upgrading it over time. While most people think of Microsoft’s Surface Pro devices as a line of 2-in-1s, because they don’t come with a keyboard (you need to purchase it separately), that technically makes them tablets. But don’t be fooled, because thanks to Windows 11 and support for a range of 12h-gen Intel processors, Microsoft’s Surface Pros are designed for productivity. The latest Surface Pro 9 has a beautiful display with a smooth 120Hz refresh rate and improved stereo speakers, while the inclusion of an IR facial recognition camera allows you to log in to the system in a snap. Another nice bonus is that unlike a lot of tablets, the Surface Pro 9’s SSD is user accessible, allowing you to upgrade its storage yourself whenever you want. And thanks to improvements in Windows 11, the Surface Pro 9 is better suited to life as a tablet without ever needing to attach a smart keyboard thanks to larger app icons and more touch-friendly controls. If you just want a simple tablet for a reasonable price, it’s hard to go wrong with the standard iPad. If you just want a simple tablet for a reasonable price, it’s hard to go wrong with the standard Apple iPad. Starting at $329, the basic iPad has a 10.2-inch display with good brightness (500 nits) and a relatively speedy A13 Bionic chip. It’s also the last iPad that still features an old-school Touch ID home button. After being refreshed last year, the ninth-gen iPad got updated features including Apple Pencil support, improved cameras (in front and back) and double the base storage (64GB, up from 32GB). And just like its more expensive siblings, the standard iPad is available in a WiFi-only model or with optional 4G LTE cellular connectivity. The entry-level iPad is also the cheapest device Apple sells that gives you access to the App Store, which makes it a good multimedia device and a handy way of managing your media library across your other Apple devices at an affordable price. Starting at $200, Amazon's device the cheapest tablet on this list, and unlike more adult-oriented fare, it comes with an included “kid-proof” case and a two-year warranty. If you’re in the market for a new tablet for your child, the Amazon Fire HD 10 Kids Pro is the easy pick. Starting at $200, it's the cheapest tablet on this list, and unlike more adult-oriented fare, it comes with an included “kid-proof” case and a two-year warranty. Amazon says if your kid breaks the tablet, the company will replace it for free. Other useful add-ins include a free one-year subscription to Amazon Kids+, which unlocks more than 20,000 games, books and apps designed for children. There’s also a handy dashboard for parents that allows you to set time limits, content filters and educational goals. And even though its 3GB of RAM and 32GB of base storage aren’t much, its 1080p display is plenty sharp and it has a microSD card slot for expandable storage. And if you want a slightly smaller and more affordable option, there’s the $140 Fire HD 8 Kids Pro too. Subscribe to our two newsletters:. - A weekly roundup of our favorite tech deals. - A daily dose of the news you need. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter.

Whether you're looking for an Amazon, Android, or Apple slate, here's what to consider, along with recommendations for the top tablets we've tested. I'm that 5G guy. I've actually been here for every "G." I've reviewed well over a thousand products during 18 years working full-time at PCMag.com, including every generation of the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S. I also write a weekly newsletter, Fully Mobilized, where I obsess about phones and networks. I love portable technology—if you can put it in a pocket or a bag, I’m probably into it. I’ve covered phones and tablets of all shapes and sizes, and reviewed everything from game consoles to laptops in my decade-plus career. Prior to joining PCMag, I wrote articles for Android Authority, How-To Geek, MUO, New Atlas, Tom’s Hardware, and plenty of other tech publications. There are countless tablets on the market, but which one is right for you? Whether you're eyeing an iPad or one of the many Android models available, we detail the key factors you need to consider when shopping, along with some of the top-rated tablets we've tested. Keep in mind that Windows slates are different beasts entirely. If that's what you're looking for, head on over to our picks for the best Windows tablets, as well as the best 2-in-1s. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. You can't go wrong with the latest version of Apple's entry-level iPad. It retails for a reasonable price compared with the iPad Air and the iPad Pro, but still offers a 10.9-inch display that's sufficiently large for multitasking and productivity. This is the best iPad for most people. It performs well, has plenty of features, and gets you into the Apple ecosystem for a relatively affordable price. The iPad Air offers many of the same features as the iPad Pro for much less money, including high-end performance and support for the latest Apple Pencil. It's also quite portable and has strong battery life. We recommend the iPad Air for content creators and students. If you need a tablet that can handle advanced applications and/or editing, it's worth the premium over the base model. The 8.3-inch iPad mini might not get as much attention as its larger siblings, but it's sized just right if you value portability. Importantly, it doesn't give up any of the power, connectivity, or accessory support that makes iPads so popular. The iPad mini is ideal for anyone who wants the feature and performance of a larger iPad in as small a package as possible. The Fire HD 10 offers the biggest screen in Amazon's tablet lineup. It works well for the price and supports a decent selection of apps. If you want a big screen for streaming videos and reading ebooks but don't want to spend more than $200, the Fire HD 10 is worth checking out. The portable Fire HD 8 has a bright screen and impressive battery life for an affordable price. You should enjoy the Fire HD 8 if you want a budget-friendly device with a larger screen than your phone. It doesn't compete with high-end iPads or Android tablets on performance metrics, but it's more than fast enough for casual use. The kid-friendly version of the Fire HD 10 impresses us for the same reasons as the regular model. The hardware is the same, but this variant comes with parental controls and a heavy-duty protective case. The package also includes a free year of Amazon Kids+ (ordinarily $48 per year for Prime members), which offers access to a large library of age-appropriate books, games, videos, and apps. Kids! Well, more specifically, the Fire HD 10 Kids is ideal for parents who want to ensure that their children get a safe and reliable tablet experience. Lenovo's Tab P11 Plus offers excellent performance relative to its price and has a big 11-inch display that looks great for games and movies. Its speakers are surprisingly loud and clear, too. Look no further if you want an affordable Android tablet that feels premium. Lenovo manages to keep the price of the Tab P11 Plus down without bottlenecking performance. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 Plus has competitive specs, a roomy display, and every other feature we expect from a high-end tablet. It also offers stellar 5G connectivity, so you don't need to hunt for Wi-Fi. If you frequently stray from Wi-Fi networks and don't want an iPad, this is the next best thing. It's a bit pricey, but a speedy 5G connection can be invaluable. Broadly, Android tablets make great media players, ebook readers, and kids' devices (if you want a tablet specifically for children, check out our story on the best kids' tablets), but they rarely compete with iPads when it comes to versatility and performance. The greatest strengths of Apple's iPadOS are twofold: iPadOS is very intuitive and the numerous apps that you can buy right on your tablet—more than one million iPad-specific titles at the time of this writing—work fairly uniformly. The downside of iPadOS is that it still can't handle multiple users per device and transferring files between apps remains awkward. iPads remain a supplement to, not a full replacement, for MacBooks. iPads also support the best selection of accessories, including the outstanding second-generation Apple Pencil. Google's Android OS gives you a choice of hardware from several different manufacturers and offers maximum customization, a top-notch notification system, fast and smooth web browsing, and seamless integration with Google applications such as Gmail, Google Maps, and Meet for video chat. Android also includes support for multiple user profiles, so you can share your tablet with a friend or family member. (Apple's Family Sharing works the other way around, giving multiple people access to shared data and services.) That said, most Android tablets ship with an older version of the OS and few get updates. Amazon's Fire OS is a branch of Android with a distinct interface and set of default apps. It's a simple gateway to Amazon content and for streaming videos from various services. We find it easier to use than standard Android if most of what you do is browse the web and access your Amazon library. It's less flexible, though. What's a tablet without quality apps? If you want third-party apps that work with a touch-screen interface, nothing beats the iPad's massive library of programs and games. The App Store is well curated and monitored, offers a deep selection, and includes every popular app in existence. Apple is your best bet if a wide range of compelling apps that look good and work well on your tablet is your main priority. For more, see the best iPad apps and the best Apple Arcade Games. Android has made great strides in app selection, but it's still not home to as many as Apple offers. It's tough to say exactly how many tablet-optimized Android apps are available, but it's far fewer than on the iPad. You can use Android phone apps of course, which look decent on a 7-inch tablet, but less so on a 9- or 10-inch device. Check out the best Android apps for our top picks. Amazon tablets don't have access to the Google Play store, so they work with considerably fewer apps. Plenty of people have hacked the Play store onto Amazon tablets, but that violates both Amazon's and Google's terms of service and isn't a reliable solution. With these tablets, you should likely stick with the subset of apps that Amazon considers appropriate. This consideration is a bit obvious, but size—both screen real estate and storage capacity—is important to consider. First things first: When you hear a term such as "10-inch tablet," this refers to the size of the screen, measured diagonally, and not the size of the tablet itself. We consider 7- and 8-inch tablets as small-screen devices and 9-inch tablets as the start of the large-screen category. Apple's iPads, Amazon's Fire tablets, and Samsung's slates all come in small- and large-screen versions. And more than ever, big phones blur the distinction between what is and isn't a tablet. Folding phones such as the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4 can easily do double duty as tablets if you're willing to pay a hefty premium. Screen resolution is important, too, especially for ebook reading and web surfing. A sharp, bright display is key. If you're in the market for a 10-inch tablet, look for a display with a resolution of at least 1,280 by 800 pixels. The low weight of a tablet is one definite advantage it has over a laptop—but with large-screen tablets typically weighing around a pound, they're not nearly as light as smartphones. After you hold one with a single hand while standing up for 20 minutes, your hand is likely to tire. Setting one flat in your lap, rather than propping it up on a stand, can also be a little awkward. And few tablets fit in your pocket unless you're wearing a very large jacket. If you want pocketability, you might want to consider a phablet. Cloud (off-device) storage is an option for many tablets (Amazon Cloud Storage for Fire tablets, iCloud for iPads, Google Drive for Android tablets), but when it comes to onboard storage, more is always better. All those apps; your local music, video, and photo libraries; and system updates can take up a lot of space. Some Android tablets feature a microSD slot for additional storage, but it's worth noting some apps won't work from those external cards. Some tablets can connect only over Wi-Fi, but others can take advantage of always-on cellular service from a wireless provider. Unless you constantly use your tablet in an area without Wi-Fi or are a frequent international traveler, you're probably better off using your smartphone as a Wi-Fi hotspot and saving the extra money you would spend on an LTE tablet. You can also buy a dedicated mobile hotspot, which won't kill your phone's battery life. Some even double as backup batteries to charge your tablet. The tablets here represent the best Amazon, Android, and Apple options across a variety of price levels. That said, plenty of other great tablets exist that might be better for you. For the latest lab-tested reviews, check out our tablet product guide. And if you're looking for a good deal, head over to our roundup of the best cheap tablets we've tested. Sign up for Lab Report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! I'm that 5G guy. I've actually been here for every "G." I've reviewed well over a thousand products during 18 years working full-time at PCMag.com, including every generation of the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S. I also write a weekly newsletter, Fully Mobilized, where I obsess about phones and networks. Read Sascha's full bio. I love portable technology—if you can put it in a pocket or a bag, I’m probably into it. I’ve covered phones and tablets of all shapes and sizes, and reviewed everything from game consoles to laptops in my decade-plus career. Prior to joining PCMag, I wrote articles for Android Authority, How-To Geek, MUO, New Atlas, Tom’s Hardware, and plenty of other tech publications. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. We’ve updated this guide with new picks for the best pro tablet, budget tablet, and Android tablet. After hundreds of hours of research and testing over the past seven years, we think Apple’s 9th-generation iPad is the best all-around tablet, with all the performance and features most people need for watching video, browsing the internet, and staying on top of email and social media feeds. But we also have recommendations for people who want an Android tablet, a basic ebook reader, or a more powerful tablet for gaming, for handling design and creative tasks, or for replacing a laptop computer. The standard iPad is fast, easy to use, and compatible with the Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, and it offers the features most tablet users need. *At the time of publishing, the price was $330. Who this is for: You want a great all-around tablet that can handle pretty much any task. Why we like it: Although this isn’t the newest version of the Apple iPad, it’s still the best tablet for most people thanks to great hardware, an easy-to-use operating system, and a huge library of quality apps, even if you normally use Android on your phone or Windows on your computer. iOS also receives frequent updates—including prompt security updates—which isn’t something you can say of any modern Android tablet. In 2022, Apple released the 10th-generation iPad, but it costs $120 more for an experience that’s very similar to what you get from the 9th-generation version. The 9th-generation 10.2-inch iPad is still the best tablet for most people because it offers the best balance of price and performance, it has a large screen, and it’s compatible with the first-generation Apple Pencil stylus and Apple Smart Keyboard. The standard 64 GB model should be good enough if you plan to use your iPad mostly for streaming music and video, reading, browsing the internet, and playing casual games, but you may want to upgrade to the 256 GB model if you plan to use yours to play graphically intense games or download lots of media. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The 9th-generation iPad is built with a gap between the LCD panel and the front glass, making interactions with the Apple Pencil slightly less responsive. You have to upgrade to the iPad Air if you want an iPad with a faster M1 processor and support for the second-gen Apple Pencil. For more on the 9th-generation iPad and how it compares to other iPad models, read our full guide to Apple’s iPad lineup. This iPad has a bright, sharp screen with accurate color that’s better for multitasking or serious creative work such as digital illustration, writing, or editing photos, audio, and video. *At the time of publishing, the price was $900. Who this is for: You want the best possible performance for viewing and editing photos and video, multitasking, and other tasks you’d normally do with a laptop. Why we like it: For most multitasking and serious creative work, the iPad Pro is the best option. It has a slim, uniform bezel that wraps around the entire screen, making it feel equally natural whether you use it in landscape or portrait orientation—a design choice that makes it stand out from competitors. It’s great for working with photos and as a canvas for artists who frequently make use of the second-generation Apple Pencil. Flaws but not dealbreakers: Apple advertises the iPad Pro as a replacement for a traditional PC, but whether it can serve that purpose depends on what you do, how you work, and what apps you use. In general, iPad Pro keyboard cases and covers aren’t as nice as standalone Bluetooth keyboards or the keyboards on the best laptops. But drawing and photo-editing apps are well suited to touchscreen and Apple Pencil controls, and they benefit from the iPad Pro’s large, color-accurate screen. For more on the iPad Pro, read our full guide to pro tablets. This capable tablet offers a sharp display, excellent battery life, and Samsung’s S Pen stylus. *At the time of publishing, the price was $590. Who this is for: You’re already invested in or partial to Android, and you want an affordable tablet with a good combination of speed and display quality. Why we like it: The Samsung Galaxy Tab S8 has a bright, sharp, 11-inch display, and apps open quickly and can keep running in the background until you resume them. It has quad speakers that are better than those in most laptops, and the bezel around the screen allows you to hold the tablet comfortably but doesn’t waste space. Thanks to a big, 8,000 mAh battery, the tablet can run for days on a single charge; even after putting it through heavy use, we couldn’t completely drain it in one day. Though the Galaxy Tab S8 is not the absolute best Android tablet you can get right now—that would be Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S8+, which costs about $900 at full price—it’s by far the best value for the money. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The Galaxy Tab S8 has a fingerprint sensor, but it’s in the power button, which might not be easy to reach depending on how you pick up the tablet. And although this tablet can now be found for close to $550 (down from the original $700 price), it’s still expensive enough to prompt most people who want a high-end tablet to get an iPad instead. Visit our full guide to the best Android tablets to read more about the Galaxy Tab S8 and other Android tablets we’ve tested. The Fire HD 8 has a smaller, lower-resolution screen than the Galaxy Tab S8, but it’s a great cheap tablet for reading or watching video, especially if you get that content from Amazon’s store. Who this is for: You want the cheapest tablet that’s good for reading and watching video, with access to a big library of video, ebooks, and music. Why we like it: The Amazon Fire HD 8 (12th generation) costs less than $100 and is an excellent value. It lets you stream video from Netflix, Hulu, HBO Max, and other popular services, and you can also read your Kindle ebooks. It offers built-in support for the Alexa voice assistant used by Amazon’s popular Echo devices, which makes ordering products and media from Amazon easier. In addition, Amazon Prime members get access to a selection of no-extra-cost movies, TV shows, and ebooks (though Amazon’s apps for iOS and other Android tablets all work similarly). Flaws but not dealbreakers: The Fire HD 8 is slower and has a lower-resolution screen than any of our other picks, so text isn’t as crisp—the Kindle Paperwhite is better for reading ebooks—and its performance is optimized for watching videos and reading rather than getting work done. It’s also limited to Amazon’s Android app store, which has a smaller selection of games and apps than the regular Google Play store (which in turn lags behind Apple’s App Store when it comes to great tablet apps). Although it’s possible to install the Google Play store on the Fire HD 8, doing so requires a workaround, and we don’t recommend it. Unlike our other tablet picks, which offer a solid selection of apps and productivity tools, the Fire HD 8 is best used only as a media-consumption device. To find out how the Fire HD 8 stacks up against other Android tablets, see our guide to the best Android tablets. Access to Amazon’s huge ebook library at a good price makes the Paperwhite Kids the best dedicated device for reading. Who this is for: You don’t care about apps or browsing—you just want to read books. Why we like it:Although it says “Kids” in the name, the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Kids is the best ebook reader for people of all ages. It isn’t a multipurpose tablet with an app store or even a fully functional web browser, but it’s the best choice if you just want to read books on a device that’s easy to use and free of distractions. Its 6.8-inch screen is sharp enough to be indistinguishable from paper, and its adaptive backlight is gentler and easier on the eyes than an LCD screen. And while most of the tablets on our list can go a couple of days between charges at most, you probably won’t need to charge the Paperwhite more than once a month. Amazon has also made the Paperwhite IPX8 waterproof, making it great for reading in the bath or at the beach. Flaws but not dealbreakers:Previous Kindles have been available in a configuration with 3G, allowing you to download books even if you’re not on Wi-Fi. This option is not available with the 2021 Paperwhite Kids, but we don’t think this is a problem for most people, since you can load up on books when you have access to Wi-Fi and don’t need to be connected to read them. If you’re interested in Amazon’s more expensive Kindles or in non-Amazon options, read our full guide to ebook readers. We also have a guide to pro tablets, where we recommend the Microsoft Surface Pro 9 as a capable laptop replacement, but you need $300 in accessories to make the most of it. Our tablet picks are much better for tablet-focused tasks like watching videos, browsing the web, and using tablet apps than getting a lot of work done—if you need a productivity-focused device, an ultrabook (or a MacBook) might be a better bet. Haley Perry is an associate staff writer at Wirecutter covering video games and technology. She used to review video games full-time, and she’s also a big fan of mezcal. If you get enough in her, she may just admit that she still plays The Sims ... a lot. Andrew Cunningham is a former senior staff writer on Wirecutter's tech team. He has been writing about laptops, phones, routers, and other tech since 2011. Before that he spent five years in IT fixing computers and helping people buy the best tech for their needs. He also co-hosts the book podcast Overdue and the TV podcast Appointment Television. Good Android tablets are few and far between, but if you don’t want an iPad, Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S8 is your best bet. by Ryan Whitwam and Andrew Cunningham. The best tablet for your kid is the old one you aren’t using anymore. If you’re buying new, Apple’s 9th-generation iPad has the best app selection. You can do a surprising amount of work on an iPad with the right gear. These are the best accessories for turning your iPad into a mobile work space. Budding digital artists can find more drawing tablet options than ever, but our picks should help anyone dip their toes into creating art on a PC. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

These days, your wireless router not only connects you to the internet, but often your job, too. Here's what you need to build the best home Wi-Fi network, along with reviews of our top-rated routers for a range of needs and budgets. I’ve been working with computers for ages, starting with a multi-year stint in purchasing for a major IBM reseller in New York City before eventually landing at PCMag (back when it was still in print as PC Magazine). I spent more than 14 years on staff, most recently as the director of operations for PC Labs, before hitting the freelance circuit as a contributing editor. In the remote work era, your Wi-Fi router is piling up some serious overtime, doing a lot more than just helping you stream movies and play games. Home Wi-Fi routers keep millions of people working, and they're also connecting an ever-growing range of smart home devices. That means picking one that does the best job for both you and your wallet is trickier than ever, especially now that we're seeing more Wi-Fi 6 devices becoming available. We've outlined below our top picks among home and office Wi-Fi routers we've tested. Read on for our labs-tested favorites, followed by the buying basics you should know when buying a router. Also note: At the very end of this article is a detailed spec breakout of our top router choices. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. Wi-Fi 6E is the leading edge of consumer home wireless tech, so it's not a must-have for homes with many devices that might not yet support the standard. But being able to future-proof your network for under $200 is a winner in our book, and that makes the Archer AXE75 the best choice for people who want a full-featured router that they won't have to replace for a long time. The AXE75 is a pioneer in bringing 6E down as low as we've seen it in price. The perk: Enjoy the lack of in-air competition while you can, as the 6GHz radio band should remain uncrowded for a bit, until wider Wi-Fi 6E adoption takes hold. Beyond the groundbreaking price, the AXE75 a solid performer. All you need is to start collecting 6E-compliant client devices to leverage this bargain router to the max. Anyone thinking about hopping aboard the 6GHz Wi-Fi train but unwilling to spend a bundle, your engine has arrived. Parents will also be pleased to learn that the AXE75 includes access to HomeShield Basic, TP-Link's strong parental controls and basic network security tools. You can block internet access for individual users, apply age-based filtering, and see how long a user has been online. (Opting for a monthly or annual paid plan can give you even more control.). The Synology WRX560 provided very good scores on our throughput tests, offering superior throughput in both bands. It also performed well on our Wi-Fi signal strength tests, delivering strong 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi to all corners of our test home except for the garage. Plus, the router could even pass for home decor, thanks to a unique black enclosure that stands vertically, with beveled edges and grillwork that give it a futuristic, minimalist look. The WRX560 is an excellent, feature-rich mainstream router. For around $200 you get the latest Wi-Fi 6 technologies, solid throughput performance, and wide Wi-Fi signal coverage. The Synology WRX560 is easy to install and manage and gets you into a Wi-Fi 6 network without spending a bundle. If you require multi-gig ports and parental control software, be prepared to spend significantly more money for a router like the TP-Link Archer AX11000. The TP-Link Archer AX50 is proof that you don’t have to spend hundreds of dollars to upgrade your network with Wi-Fi 6 technology. This reasonably priced dual-band router delivered solid throughput and good signal range in our performance tests, and it offers a few features that are typically found on more expensive models, including link aggregation and USB connectivity. If you want to take advantage of the faster connection speeds, decreased latency, and more efficient client battery life that you get with Wi-Fi 6, but you need to keep costs down, then the TP-Link Archer AX50 is an excellent choice. It’s easy to install and comes with TP-Link’s Homecare suite, which includes robust parental controls, anti-malware software, and several QoS presets that make it easy to provide application-based bandwidth priority when needed. The Asus ROG Rapture GT-AXE16000 is one of the most advanced routers we’ve seen, and is certainly one of the most expensive. Using the latest Wi-Fi 6E technologies, it offers access to four radio bands—including the newly liberated 6GHz band—and is equipped with numerous high-speed networking ports, including two 10GbE ports and one 2.5GbE port. It delivered speedy data rates in our performance tests, but its 5GHz signal range could be better. Hard-core gamers with deep pockets should put it on their networking equipment short lists. At just under $700, the Rapture GT-AXE16000 doesn’t come cheap, but if you want the latest and greatest in home Wi-Fi, this is the router to get. It not only uses the relatively new and un-crowded 6GHz radio band and comes with lifetime network security and parental control software, but it is mesh-ready and offers lots of game-enhancing settings. The Rapture GT-AX11000 Pro is not only one of the fastest Wi-Fi 6 routers we’ve tested, but it is incredibly well appointed. This router is physically huge, but for good reason: It’s equipped with a boatload of connectivity options, including 10Gbps and 2.5Gbps network ports. The router also supports link aggregation, offering the potential for truly massive bandwidth and future-proofing. It also offers a gamer-friendly user interface and lots of settings designed to optimize your gaming experience. Whether you’re a gaming enthusiast or simply demand a top-of-the line router to power your home network, the Rapture GT-AX11000 Pro has you covered. It uses the latest 802.11ax (Wi-Fi 6) tech to deliver best-in-class performance, and comes with free anti-malware and parental control utilities that help keep your network and everyone connected to it safe from viruses and unsavory websites. Perhaps the only reason you wouldn't want it is if you require Wi-Fi 6E support. In that case, you'll want to check out the Asus ROG Rapture GT-AXE16000 mentioned above. The Asus ROG Strix GS-AX5400 is more than just a cool-looking, dual-band router. Designed with gamers in mind, it offers a slick user interface with lots of game-enhancing settings, and it delivers speedy throughput. It doesn’t have any multi-gig Ethernet ports, but it does have a dedicated gaming LAN port that is automatically given bandwidth priority, and it supports link aggregation. If network lag is affecting your game, the Strix GS-AX5400 can help put you back on top. It supports all of the latest Wi-Fi technologies, and comes with lifetime parental controls and anti-malware protection. It also offers features like Game Boost, Gear Accelerator, and Mobile Boost to optimize your network for the best possible gaming experience. Moreover, the Strix is mesh-ready should you want to create a seamless whole-home Wi-Fi system. The three-piece Eero 6 Plus Wi-Fi 6 mesh system delivered blazing throughput speeds and excellent signal range in our performance tests. As with most mesh systems, it is a snap to install and manage using a phone and a user-friendly mobile app, and it has the distinction of being the first Eero system to support 160MHz channels. The three-piece Eero 6 Plus is ideal for use in larger homes of up to 4,500 square feet. It uses low-profile nodes that are designed to blend in with any home décor while providing a strong Wi-Fi 6 signal to every corner of your house. In addition to eliminating dead zones, the Eero 6 Plus doubles as a home-automation hub that uses a Zigbee radio to control smart devices such as cameras, locks, lighting, and thermostats. You don’t get multi-gig Ethernet ports, USB ports, or Quality of Service (bandwidth) settings with the Motorola Q11, but we were impressed with its fast throughput performance and relatively strong signal coverage. This system supports all of the latest Wi-Fi 6 technologies, including 160MHz channel bandwidth, which enables faster data rates than the 40GHz and 80GHz channel bandwidth that you get with 802.11ac (Wi-Fi 5) systems. The Motorola Q11 mesh system is a good fit for homes of up to 5,000 square feet. It’s easy to install and uses low-profile nodes that support wired or wireless backhaul. It’s a solid performer, but you’ll get better performance from our Editors’ Choice winner, the Eero 6 Plus. That said, you’ll have to pay a little extra for parental control and network security software with the Eero system, while both utilities are free with the Motorola Q11 system. Killer throughput performance, 6GHz data transmissions, and wide signal coverage are all reasons why the ZenWiFi ET8 is our top pick for Wi-Fi 6E mesh systems. At $530, it’s not exactly affordable, but it is one of the more well-equipped mesh systems out there, offering a multi-gig WAN port, USB connectivity, and Trend Micro-powered network security. Wi-Fi 6E clients are still few and far between, but if you want to make sure your network is ready for 6GHz data transmissions, the ZenWiFi ET8 is an excellent choice. It uses two nodes to cover homes of up to 5,550 square feet, installs in minutes, and comes with free lifetime anti-malware software and parental controls that let you monitor internet usage, apply age-based web filters, and pause internet access with the touch of a button. If you've got a lot of living space, you'll likely need a mesh system with at least three nodes to blanket it with usable Wi-Fi signals. But you also need to spend a lot of money on cleaning, energy, and other basic expenses for all that space, so ideally you'll keep your networking costs to a minimum. The X4300 Pro does just that, offering three nodes with up to 7,000 square feet of coverage for a fraction of the cost of competing mesh systems. Plus, it has speedy performance and is easy to install and manage. Sure, the ZenWiFi ET8 above is also an option for very large homes, but if you don't need its Wi-Fi 6E or multi-gig LAN capabilties, the X4300 Pro is a better choice for those who live large without spending big. When you're shopping for a new wireless router, it's best to start by considering the size of your coverage area and the number of clients you need to support, as well as the types of devices that you'll be connecting. Not everybody needs the kind of performance that you get with the latest and greatest models, and there's no reason to pay for features that you will likely never use. If you're looking for a lower price rather than a big bundle of bleeding-edge features, check out this list of budget routers. But if you have several family members vying for bandwidth for things like streaming Netflix video and playing PC games online, a new router with modern management capabilities can make a world of difference and help keep the peace. Below we guide you through choosing a router that will handle your current and future wireless networking needs, and offer our top picks to get you started. Nowadays, any router worth its salt will offer at least two radio bands, a 2.4GHz band and a 5GHz band. The 2.4GHz band operates at a lower frequency than the 5GHz band and offers better range because it is more adept at penetrating walls and other structures. However, it doesn't offer the fat pipe and high-speed access that you get with the 5GHz band. Additionally, the 2.4GHz Wi-Fi band has to compete with other devices in the home that use the same frequency, such as microwave ovens, Bluetooth gear, and wireless phones. That said, it is perfectly adequate for tasks like web surfing and connecting to social media services like Facebook and Twitter. If one or more of your devices will be streaming video from a service such as Netflix, or connecting to an online gaming service, the less crowded 5GHz band offers significantly more throughput with minimal signal interference. Most dual-band routers allow you to assign a band to specific applications and clients, thereby easing the load on both bands. If you have a busy network with numerous clients vying for bandwidth, a tri-band router is the way to go. They use three radios—one that operates at 2.4GHz and two that operate at 5GHz, for load balancing. For example, you can dedicate one of the 5GHz bands to handle tasks like video streaming and torrent downloading, and reserve the other 5GHz band for online gaming, leaving the 2.4GHz band free for applications that don't require lots of bandwidth. If you have a house full of gamers, we have a specific best gaming routers list for you. Finally, there's the new 6GHz spectrum, recently made available(Opens in a new window) by the FCC. While this new spectrum promises a significant boost to overall wireless network performance, few devices support it yet, so take performance claims with a grain of salt. For more on that topic, see our story on What Is Wi-Fi 6E? Wireless Ethernet networks use 802.11 protocols to send and receive data. The most widely used Wi-Fi protocol, 802.11ac, allows for maximum (theoretical) data rates of up to 5,400Mbps and operates on both the 2.4GHz and the 5GHz bands. It utilizes Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) technology, which uses several antennas to send and receive up to eight spatial streams, resulting in enhanced performance. It also supports beamforming, a technology that sends Wi-Fi signals directly to a client rather than broadcasting in all directions, and automatic band-steering, which lets the router select the most efficient radio band based on network traffic, band availability, and range. The 802.11ac protocol also offers downstream Multi-User MIMO (MU-MIMO) technology, which is designed to provide bandwidth to multiple devices simultaneously rather than sequentially. That means up to four clients can have their own data streams instead of waiting in turn to receive data from the router. In order for MU-MIMO to work, the router and the client devices must contain MU-MIMO Wi-Fi circuitry. Routers that support MU-MIMO are widely available, but the fact that consumers have been slow to understand exactly what the benefits of MU-MIMO are has kept the number of client devices somewhat scarce. You'll see 802.11ac routers with labels like AC1200, AC1750, AC3200, and so on. This designates the theoretical maximum speed of the router. For example, a router that can achieve a maximum link rate of 450Mbps on the 2.4GHz band and 1,300Mbps on the 5GHz band is considered an AC1750 router. A tri-band AC3200 router gives you 600Mbps over the 2.4GHz band and 1,300Mbps over each of the two 5GHz bands, and an AC5400 router is capable of speeds of up to 1Gbps on the 2.4GHz band and 2.1Gbps on each of the two 5GHz bands. It's important to note that routers rarely, if ever, reach these "maximum speeds" in real-world applications, but if you're looking for performance, consider one of the high-speed routers (but be prepared to pay a premium). We thoroughly test all routers that come through PC Labs, so you'll know how much muscle a product has before you buy. 802.11ax, the technology behind today's leading-edge Wi-Fi 6 routers, is now hitting the market with frequency. Wi-Fi 6 is an evolution of 802.11ac technology that promises increased throughput speeds (up to 9.6Gbps), less network congestion, greater client capacity, and better range performance courtesy of several new and improved wireless technologies, among them Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiple Access (OFDMA) and Target Wake Time (TWT). OFDMA improves overall throughput by breaking Wi-Fi channels into sub-channels, allowing up to 30 users to share a channel at the same time. Target Wake Time (TWT) is designed to reduce power consumption by allowing devices to determine when and how often they will wake up to begin sending and receiving data. TWT tech is expected to extend the battery life of mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets, as well as battery-powered smart home devices such as security cameras and video doorbells. Additionally, 802.11ax takes advantage of previously unused radio frequencies to provide faster 2.4GHz performance, and it uses refined uplink and downlink bandwidth management to provide enhanced Quality of Service (QoS). It also offers uplink and downlink MU-MIMO streaming (whereas 802.11ac only supports downlink MU-MIMO). As with the 802.11ac protocol, 802.11ax is backward-compatible and will work with devices that use 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi radios. For more on the benefits of the 802.11ax protocol, check out our primer What Is Wi-Fi 6? and see our speed tests. And as mentioned earlier, Wi-Fi 6E, with support for the 6GHz band, is the latest standard, but 6E routers are just starting to hit the market and we've tested just a handful at this writing. Wireless routers come with a variety of features, and as is the case with just about everything, the more features you get, the more you can expect to pay. Look for a router with at least four 10/100/1,000 (gigabit) Ethernet ports, which allow you to connect to wired devices such as desktop PCs, network-attached storage (NAS) drives, and home-automation hubs. If you require faster throughput for large file transfers, look for a router that supports link aggregation. Simply put, link aggregation uses two gigabit Ethernet LAN ports to provide increased throughput (up to 2Gbps). It also provides a fail-safe if one LAN connection goes down and can be utilized to load-balance your network traffic. Having at least one USB port on the router makes it easy to plug in a printer or a USB drive and share it across the network, but with two ports you can do both. Additionally, try to choose a router that offers removable antennas. Some router manufacturers offer replacement high-gain antennas that will help boost performance, and there are a number of third-party antennas available. Just make sure your router supports whatever antennas you buy, or you'll probably wind up with decreased performance. If you want to manage how your Wi-Fi network is being used, make sure your next router has parental controls, QoS options, and a guest-network feature. Parental controls allow you to limit network access for certain users to specific times and days, ideal for parents who want to keep tabs on their child's online gaming and social networking activities. Some routers offer basic parental controls such as access scheduling and website blocking options, while others provide more robust controls that give you the ability to pause the internet and select age-appropriate presets that will automatically block access to social media platforms and sites that contain things like adult content, gambling, shopping, blogs, and games. A guest network lets you offer Wi-Fi connectivity to guests without leaving your entire network vulnerable. In a nutshell, you're creating a separate network for guests with a Service Set Identifier (SSID) and password that are different from your main network credentials. This lets your guests connect to the internet, but it doesn't give them access to your files, printers, and other connected devices. With QoS settings, you can decide which applications and clients get network priority. For example, if one device is streaming Netflix video, and another device is downloading files or running a print job, you can give priority to the streaming device to avoid choppy, out-of-sync video. The same goes for online gaming; assigning a high QoS priority to a gaming console such as the Microsoft Xbox Series X or the Sony PlayStation 5 will help reduce lag time and improve overall gameplay. It also means you can keep those new work applications protected, like a phone using voice over IP (VoIP) or that webcam that's keeping you connected to your office staff meeting via video conferencing. Almost all routers offer several forms of security. A router with Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) lets you add compatible devices with the push of a button. Just press the WPS button on the router, then press the WPS button on the client device to add it to your network. For a more secure connection, you can use Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA or WPA2), which requires entering a network password for each device. Routers with WPA-Enterprise security offer a higher level of security than WPA/WPA2, but they require a Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) server to authenticate each client. The technology currently used to assign IP addresses, known as Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4), will eventually be replaced by its successor, IPv6. IPv4 is a 32-bit addressing scheme that before long will run out of addresses due to the number of devices connecting to the internet. IPv6 is a 128-bit scheme that will offer an (almost) infinite number of IP addresses. Most current routers have built-in support for IPv6 addressing, but it's a good idea to verify this if you want to be ready for the transition when IPv4 finally hits the wall. Like anything else, router pricing is based on performance and features, which means you can see some big cost differences depending on the kind of router you're considering. The numbers and letters in the router's name are often a hint of the features it offers and thus how much it costs. An entry-level AC1750 802.11ac router will cost anywhere from $60 to $100, for instance. But if you want an AC2400 router with MU-MIMO streaming capabilities, expect the price to land in the $100 to $200 range. A tri-band AX5400 gaming router with all the bells and whistles could cost as much as $500, while the newest 802.11ax Wi-Fi 6E routers can range above $500, depending on throughput rates and features. As you'll see below, Wi-Fi mesh systems can be even more expensive. Remember that those prices typically reflect you buying not just a single router, but one or two mesh nodes, too. If you live in a large or multiple-story home, you may have Wi-Fi "dead zones." These are areas of your home where your main router isn't able to reach with a wireless signal. An easy way to solve this, without the hassle of running long cords around your home, is a Wi-Fi range extender, which will pick up your router's Wi-Fi signal, amplify it, and rebroadcast it. They come in both desktop and plug-in variations, and are relatively easy to install. They do have limitations, though: The rebroadcasted signal is typically half the strength of what you get from your main router, and most of these create a separate network that makes seamless roaming through your home difficult. However, some router manufacturers are now making extenders that will share the same network SSID and password as your existing router. There's a catch, however: The router usually has to be made by the same manufacturer as the extender and must support seamless roaming capabilities. If a range extender doesn't do the trick, consider overhauling your network with a Wi-Fi mesh system. This technology offers an easy way to fill wireless dead zones in your home without the need for additional wiring, range extenders, or access points. They utilize extension nodes, or satellites, to extend your Wi-Fi signal across a larger area than most routers are capable of. Systems such as Google Wifi and the Linksys Velop employ mesh technology, where the satellites communicate with each other to provide coverage throughout your home, while others use a dedicated Wi-Fi band to communicate with its satellite. Depending on the number of nodes in the system you choose, you can spread a consistent internet connection across as much as 4,000 to 6,000 square feet of space. Satellites in a Wi-Fi mesh system are all part of the same network and provide seamless connectivity as you roam throughout the house, and they do not usually require any configuration or management beyond a few taps on a free, associated mobile app. A number of the solutions in this category support high-end features like guest networking, device prioritization, parental controls, and MU-MIMO, but because Wi-Fi mesh systems are designed to be simple, in most cases you won't be able to access the same kind of in-depth settings you can on routers. For that reason, power users and compulsive tinkerers might not love Wi-Fi mesh systems, but for everyone else who finds network setup intimidating, these are among the friendliest and most innovative options you can find today. We broke out our top picks above in detail, outlining the best use cases for each. We've also outlined the core specs of those same top picks in the handy table below. And if you want to investigate the mesh alternatives to a classic router in more detail, we have some additional links for you: Read about The Best Wi-Fi Mesh Network Systems and How to Set Up a Wi-Fi Mesh Network. Finally, once you've found the right router, bookmark our tips for setting up your router and boosting your Wi-Fi signal. Sign up for Lab Report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! I’ve been working with computers for ages, starting with a multi-year stint in purchasing for a major IBM reseller in New York City before eventually landing at PCMag (back when it was still in print as PC Magazine). I spent more than 14 years on staff, most recently as the director of operations for PC Labs, before hitting the freelance circuit as a contributing editor. Read John R.'s full bio. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

Your guide to a better future. Figuring out what the best router for your needs can be complicated. We've tested the top Wi-Fi router brands so you can find the right one for your needs. You don't have to spend a fortune to get good, reliable Wi-Fi. In fact, one of the best routers we'd recommend is the TP-Link Archer AX21, a well-tested Wi-Fi 6 model tha's available for as little as $70. But that may not be the right router for you. The best fit for your home network depends on multiple factors. Everything from the size and layout of your home to the content you stream plays a role in deciding what router you'll need. Fortunately, we've tested dozens of the latest models to help find plenty of good picks for a variety of homes and users. It's a particularly good time to make sure that your router is up to snuff. Even as things have opened up again since the early days of the pandemic (and the surge in home internet use that came with it), reliable Wi-Fi at home remains a necessity. The good news is that routers have come a long way in the past few years, with a number of today's best Wi-Fi router options boasting impressive speeds and features worth investing in. For starters, there's a new and improved version of the Wi-Fi standard called 802.11ax -- or Wi-Fi 6 -- and it boasts faster, more efficient home network performance. On top of that, there's a growing number of mesh router options that are well worth considering, too, particularly since many of them are far less expensive than the router combo systems that came before them. Shop around, and you'll also find new Wi-Fi 6E routers capable of sending signals using newly opened bandwidth in the 6GHz band. Just don't expect routers like those to come cheap. All of that means that you've got a lot to think about if you're currently in the market for an upgrade. That's where we come in. Whether you're interested in gaming routers, mesh systems, Wi-Fi 6 routers or if you just want something decent that won't break the bank, we're here to simplify things and point you in the right direction so that you can find the best Wi-Fi router to manage your needs. Expect regular updates to this post as we continue testing networking devices periodically. When we find a new router that merits strong consideration, we'll add it to this list with links to our most recent test data so that you can always find the best router. Read more: Best Internet Providers for 2023. Wireless Networking Security. Dual-Band (2.4 and 5GHz). Available for $100 (or less if you catch a sale), the TP-Link Archer AX21 is an entry-level, dual-band Wi-Fi 6 router that supports top speeds of up to 1,201Mbps (1.2Gbps) on its 5GHz band. It's nothing fancy, but it offered near flawless performance for small- to medium-size homes in our tests, and it's a cinch to setup and use thanks to TP-Link's Tether app. Best of all, when tested against other, similar routers from names like Asus and Netgear, the AX21 held its own with faster download speeds, better range, and low latency, too. Add in a functional bandsteering mode that automatically steers you between the 2.4 and 5GHz bands within a single network, plus guest network controls and even a quality of service engine for prioritizing traffic to the most important devices on your network, and you're looking at a decent home networking upgrade that's as simple and affordable as it gets. It isn't powerful enough to max out speeds on a gigabit network, but it can still hit consistent close-range speeds near 700Mbps or so, which is more than enough for most households. Read our TP-Link Archer AX21 review. Wireless Networking Security. Dual-Band (2.4 and 5GHz). If you've already got a budget router running your network and you're ready to upgrade to something more powerful, the Linksys Hydra Pro 6 belongs high on your list. With a dual-band, AX5400 build, full support for Wi-Fi 6, and 160MHz channel support for moving data more efficiently, it was an excellent performer in my speed tests, even managing to outperform flashier picks like the also great Asus RT-AX86U. The Hydra Pro 6 is a touch pricey as dual-band routers go, but the steady, consistent performance makes it a standout. Try and catch it on sale if you can, but if you just want a reliable, no-frills router that can keep up with gigabit speeds, look no further. Read our Linksys Hydra Pro 6 review. Up to 5,500 sq. ft. (two devices). Wireless Networking Security. Tri-Band (2.4 and two 5GHz). For the best performance from your mesh router, you'll want to prioritize getting one with support for Wi-Fi 6, plus a tri-band design that includes three separate bands of traffic: the usual 2.4 and 5GHz bands, plus an additional 5GHz band that the system can use as a dedicated wireless backhaul for transmissions between the router and its satellites. Most mesh routers like that cost at least $300 or even $400, but the TP-Link Deco W7200 gets you there for less than $250. That's the best deal I've seen for a tri-band mesh router with support for Wi-Fi 6 -- and sure enough, it's an excellent performer, as well. In fact, the only system that managed to outperform it outright in my at-home speed tests is the AX6000 version of Netgear Orbi, which costs more than three times as much (keep reading for more on that one). On top of that, TP-Link's setup process is about as easy as it gets, with satellite extenders that automatically join the mesh as soon as you plug them in. Read our TP-Link Deco W7200 review. Wireless Networking Security. Dual-Band (2.4 and 5GHz). Gaming routers promise high performance and low latency for die-hard gamers, and it isn't uncommon to find them selling for $300 or even $400. At about $270 or less, the Asus RT-AX86U dual-band router isn't inexpensive either, but it's a strong value relative to routers like those -- and the performance it delivers as a gaming router is flat-out great. Most noteworthy is the router's latency management. In fact, it leads all of the routers I've ever tested, gaming or otherwise, with the lowest average latency across all of my tests, which online gamers will definitely appreciate. Something else you'll appreciate: An excellent mix of app-based controls and features, including a mobile boost mode, that lets you prioritize gaming traffic to your phone at the touch of a button. Gaming features aside, the RT-AX86U offers full support for Wi-Fi 6, with strong, stable speeds and good range. If you need additional range, you can add other Asus "AIMesh" devices to your home network to make it the centerpiece of a mesh. That checks off all of the boxes that most people want from a good gaming router, and it gets you there at a price that isn't too painful for us to recommend. Even if you aren't a gamer, this is still one of the best Wi-Fi 6 routers you can buy right now. Read our list of the best gaming routers. Up to 4,500 sq. ft. (with two satellites). Wireless Networking Security. Dual-Band (2.4 and 5GHz). It isn't as fully featured as systems that cost more, and it doesn't support Wi-Fi 6 -- but aside from that, the budget-friendly, AC1200 version of the Netgear Orbi mesh router stands out as a clear value pick in the mesh category. Currently priced well below $100 for a three-device setup with the Wi-Fi router and two satellite extenders, it's an affordable system that managed to keep up with both Nest Wifi and the Wi-Fi 5 version of Amazon's Eero mesh router in our speed tests, and it'd be a great fit in homes with internet speeds of 300Mbps or less. In fact, of those three systems, Netgear Orbi clocked in with the fastest average top speed at close range -- and it displayed surprisingly strong signal strength when we mapped those signals out at the CNET Smart Home. I even like the design, with clever contours on top that vent out heat in style. If you're curious about mesh routers but put off by the high asking price, then give this bargain system a shot. Read our Netgear Orbi review. Wireless Networking Security. Tri-Band (2.4 and two 5GHz). Starting at $700 for the two-piece setup seen here, the AX6000 version of the Netgear Orbi is far more expensive than the dual-band version listed above, but it's also a lot more powerful. With a second 5GHz band serving as a dedicated backhaul for system transmissions between the router and its satellites and full support for Wi-Fi 6, the system is still our top-tested mesh router, with the best scores in both our lab-based top speed tests and our at-home mesh coverage tests. In the latter round of tests at my home, on a 300Mbps fiber internet connection, the Orbi AX600 returned average speeds of 289Mbps to Wi-Fi 5 devices and 367Mbps to Wi-Fi 6 devices, including speeds at the farthest point from the router that were 95% as fast as when connecting up close. That's a near perfect result, and one that no other mesh system I've tested has been able to match. Is that sort of speedy performance worth $700? I think most will find better value with something less expensive -- and you've got a growing number of solid options that fit the bill. Still, if you're buying right now and you want elite mesh performance, price be damned, then this is the system to get. Read our Netgear Orbi 6 review. At this point, Wi-Fi 6 is well-entrenched as the de facto standard for the latest Wi-Fi gadgets, so it's worth getting a Wi-Fi 6 router if you're looking for something new. Wi-Fi 5 routers will continue to get the job done, and there are a few that stand out as worthwhile budget picks, but you'll want Wi-Fi 6 for the latest features and fastest speeds. For smaller homes and apartments with internet speeds of 500Mbps and less, an entry-level Wi-Fi 6 router like the TP-Link Archer AX21 will do a fine job handling your everyday network traffic. If you live in a home with faster, gigabit level speeds, or if you have multiple power users on your network, then it's worth stepping up to a more powerful midrange model like the Linksys Hydra Pro 6 or the Asus RT-AX86U. The Eero Pro 6E mesh router is one of a growing number of routers that support Wi-Fi 6E. Devices like those can send signals in the 6GHz band, which offers lots of bandwidth and very little interference. If you live in a larger home or one with multiple stories, then stepping up to a mesh router that can offer better reliability at range makes a lot of sense. You can find a full slate of top picks in my mesh router rundown, but the TP-Link Deco W7200 stands out as an affordable option that tested well. Meanwhile, the Eero Pro 6E is my top mesh pick for homes with a gigabit connection. That Eero Pro 6E system is one of a growing number of routers that support Wi-Fi 6E, which adds in access to the ultrawide 6GHz band. The only devices that can connect over that band are other Wi-Fi 6E devices, which means that it's largely free from interference. Wi-Fi 6E is more than most homes probably need, but it's worth considering if you're looking for something future-oriented, as the number of home Wi-Fi devices that can connect over 6GHz is expected to grow. That said, at this point, the smarter play for future-focused shoppers might be to hold out until 2024, when we expect to see the full ratification of Wi-Fi 7, the next big generational update for Wi-Fi. Some manufacturers like TP-Link are jumping the gun with Wi-Fi 7 router releases in 2023, but buying in now seems premature given that the standard isn't fully ratified yet and there isn't a Wi-Fi 7 device certification process yet. Like a lot of people, I spent the majority of 2020 and 2021 working from home, and that included my router tests. Last year, in 2022, I relocated my home test setup back to our product testing facility in Louisville, Kentucky. My operating procedure is largely unchanged -- I start by setting each router up in a fixed location in our lab, and once it's up and running, I run a multitude of speed tests from five different rooms nearby. I start in the same room as the router, I run multiple speed tests on a Lenovo ThinkPad laptop with full support for Wi-Fi 6, I log the results in a spreadsheet, then I move to the next room and repeat. Once I've run tests in all five rooms, I repeat the entire process, but this time, I start with a fresh connection in the room farthest from the router. Your distance from the router when you first connect will make a difference in how the router handles your connection, so running a split of front-to-back and back-to-front tests helps to keep my averages rooted in real-world results. I run the entire process detailed above (a front-to-back round of speed tests, followed by a back-to-front round) three separate times: once during morning hours, again in the early afternoon, and once again during evening hours. I also run a separate round of tests to a Wi-Fi 6E device (a Samsung Galaxy S21 smartphone). If the router allows me to separate each band into a separate connection, then I'll run separate rounds of tests for each band to see how they perform when isolated. After all of that, I'm left with a comprehensive look at how the router's speeds hold up to different devices across different distances, as well as how the router handles other considerations, like latency. From there, I make sure to evaluate each router's features and its ease of use, as well as considerations like security standards, smart home compatibility, and overall value relative to the competition. I'll post the answer to commonly asked router questions below -- if you have any others, feel free to reach out on Twitter (@rycrist), or by clicking the little envelope icon on my CNET profile page. Doing so will let you send a message straight to my inbox. You need to be connected to your modem in order to send and receive data from the web -- your router lets you do that without need for a wire. It's basically a big, fancy antenna for your modem that lets you connect with it wirelessly, over Wi-Fi. You can also use that local Wi-Fi network to connect with other devices at home, like printers or remote storage servers. It depends on what you need and how many people and devices need to connect, but a small- to medium-sized home or apartment can probably get by with a well-tested dual-band router in the $100 range. If your home is larger, then it's probably worth spending more on a mesh system that can spread more consistent speeds from room to room. And if you're working from home, gaming online or sharing bandwidth with multiple housemates or family members, upgrading to something like a high-speed tri-band router is probably a good investment, too. The old-fashioned way is to plug the thing in and connect it with your modem via Ethernet cable, then type its IP address into a browser's URL bar to begin the setup. The easier, more modern way is to use the router's app, which will typically walk you through setup in about 5-10 minutes. After setup, you can also use either approach to access the router's settings or change your Wi-Fi password. You can think of your router like a radio -- it sends and receives signals through airwaves. Whereas a radio picks up audio broadcasts in AM or FM airwaves, a Wi-Fi router sends and receives data through 2.4 and 5GHz airwaves (as well as 6GHz airwaves if it's a fancy Wi-Fi 6E router). Nearly all routers include separate radios for those bands, which lets you connect to whichever band is best. Some routers will automatically steer your connection between the multiple bands available, but you can usually turn that off as well, making each band its own, separate Wi-Fi network. The 2.4GHz band offers better range than higher bands, but speeds are limited. With 5GHz (or 6GHz), you'll be able to hit much faster speeds, but those speeds will drop off at range faster than you'll see with 2.4GHz. In general, the 5GHz band is going to be your best bet for a reliable, high-speed connection at close and medium range, while the 2.4GHz band is great for devices at the far reaches of your Wi-Fi network, where the improved range is worth the speed tradeoff. In most cases, you won't need to worry about updating your router more than once every five years or so, if not longer. That said, there are few things to watch for that might give you good reason to consider something new. First, you should know that the Wi-Fi standard gets a generational update once every several years. The latest of which, Wi-Fi 6, ushered in faster top speeds and better efficiency for crowded networks with lots of devices. The next big update, Wi-Fi 7, is expected to arrive in 2024, and it stands to offer even faster top speeds and better use of the 6GHz band once it becomes a fully ratified standard. You shouldn't feel compelled to upgrade to a new generation as soon as it arrives, but it's definitely something to keep an eye on if you're looking for top-tier Wi-Fi performance. More important is to make sure that your router is still receiving regular firmware updates against the latest security threats. If it isn't, then it might make sense to go ahead and upgrade. I'd also look for something new if my router didn't support WPA3, the most recent Wi-Fi security protocol. If you're thinking of upgrading because your home's internet speeds aren't satisfying, try testing those speeds out across different distances (and remember that you can only connect as fast as your ISP plan allows). If speeds seem fine when you're close to the router, but they plummet when you're a few rooms away, then upgrading to a router with stronger radios, or a mesh router with multiple devices, could be a worthwhile investment. Mesh routers use multiple devices to relay a better Wi-Fi signal throughout your home, with fewer dead zones. It's definitely the right approach if you live in a large, multi-story home, or if there are multiple spots in your home where you can't connect as reliably as you'd like. There are lots of great mesh systems up for sale at this point, and prices have come down significantly in the last few years. For more information and our top recommendations, be sure to check out our full rundown of the best mesh Wi-Fi systems of the year.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. These are the best Wi-Fi routers for performance, range and overall value. Adding one of the best Wi-Fi routers is the easiest way to upgrade your home network and well worth the investment. Swapping out your existing router with a new, up-to-date one can make it seem like every laptop, smart TV, game console and doorbell camera is working a lot faster. Besides giving you a speedier Wi-Fi connection throughout your home, many of the latest routers ship with built-in security software, mobile apps to configure their settings on the go and easy to use parental control software to help limit screen time. Whether you’re working from home, streaming content online or even gaming, there’s no substitute for the top-notch performance offered by one of the best Wi-Fi routers. In order to find the right models for a wide variety of needs and use cases, we thoroughly test each and every router we review to help you find one that works for you and fits your budget. Why you can trust Tom's Guide? 


Our writers and editors spend hours analyzing and reviewing products, services, and apps to help find what's best for you. Find out more about how we test, analyze, and rate. The Asus RT-AX86U is a Wi-Fi 6 powerhouse that delivers great speeds and killer gaming features, as well as awesome customization options. With high-end performance and lifetime protection against intrusions and malware, it's also a great option for securing your entire home network, providing long term protection without a subscription fee, and carrying a two-year warranty. But the real draw of the Asus RT-AX86U is the performance, which in our testing approached the the magical 1Gbps mark to provide speedy and effortless connectivity for all of our devices. With excellent range and great performance — even through walls and between floors — the RT-AX86U is equal parts general-use router and elite gaming router, and the collection of features and ports it offers are a steal compared to some of the top-performing gaming gear. If you want the best Wi-Fi 6 router for the whole household, the Asus RT-AX86U is it. Read our full Asus RT-AX86U review. Netgear's Orbi WiFi 6E (model number RBKE963) is one of the best mesh Wi-Fi systems on the planet — and also one the most expensive. But if you have money to burn, a gigabit broadband connection from your ISP and an enormous house, then this is probably the mesh system for you. The Orbi WiFi 6E can cover up to 9,000 square feet. Add a third satellite and you can go to 12,000 square feet. At a distance of 15 feet, the router's 6-GHz channel delivered throughput of more than a gigabit per second, the first mesh router to do so in our tests. Each unit has 12 antennas and four Ethernet ports (one rated at 2.5 Gbps), and the system creates channels on the 2.5, 5 and 6-Ghz bands, plus a fourth 5-Ghz one for backhaul between units. Netgear offers trial subscriptions to its Armor security software, which includes Bitdefender antivirus, and parental controls. You'll also have to pay for tech support after 90 days. But if you can afford to pay for this mesh system, you won't mind. Read our full Netgear Orbi WiFi 6E (RBKE963) review. Wi-Fi 6 routers are usually more expensive, but value is the name of the game for the TP-Link Archer AX6000 router, our favorite budget-friendly Wi-Fi 6 router. It may lag on performance and range but it offers Wi-Fi 6 speeds for less than competing Wi-Fi 6 models. Think of the Archer AX6000 as the affordable router for the first generation of Wi-Fi 6 devices. With eight wired networking ports and the ability to pair two together to create a 2Gbps stream of data, TP-Link’s Archer AX6000 router leads the way for Wi-Fi 6 routers that are just as good with wired devices as they are at Wi-Fi. By adding in router-based security, the Archer AX6000 stands alone as one of the best routers you can get, at a price that's hard to beat. Read our full TP-Link Archer AX6000 review. With the Netgear Nighthawk AX8 (RAX80) Wi-Fi 6 router, top performance and enhanced security go hand in hand, combining throughput that smashes through the gigabit per second barrier with malware protection and the Disney Circle app for blocking inappropriate content and managing family network use. With excellent performance through walls and floors, the Nighthawk AX8 will work just as well in the real world as in the lab. It may be expensive — most Wi-Fi 6 routers are — but the RAX80 was easy for us to set up and lets you configure the router exactly the way you want it. It's also got a 90-foot range, but we found it delivered better performance at distances of 50 feet, making it better suited to medium-sized homes. By almost any measure, the Netgear Nighthawk AX8 (RAX80) is the Wi-Fi-6 router to get if you don’t want to compromise on speed and safety. Read our full Netgear Nighthawk AX8 (RAX80) review. The first gaming router we tested withs Wi-Fi 6, the Asus ROG Rapture GT-AX11000 is a gamer's delight, with speed that improves over longer range, low latency and all the features that gamers expect. Add it all up and most other gaming routers are now second best. The GT-AX11000 is large, with a gargantuan base, eight swiveling antennas, and massive 10.8Gbps maximum throughput. This wireless router has connectivity in droves, thanks to its tri-band design and four downstream Gigabit LAN ports, a single 2.5G Base T Ethernet connection, and two USB 3.0 ports. Built-in customization and gaming-oriented optimizations provide plenty of control, and you can even pair it with other Asus routers for mesh networking to cover a larger home. At $450, it is expensive, but this is one of the best gaming routers for those that want an edge online. Read our full Asus ROG Rapture GT-AX11000 review. The Google Nest Wi-Fi combines an excellent mesh Wi-Fi router with a smart home speaker, giving you whole-home connectivity along with the benefits of Google Assistant, wherever you are in your house. Although they lack WI-Fi 6, they have both Bluetooth and 802.15.4 Thread mesh networking built in to efficiently connect with low-power home-automation devices. However, if you want a mesh router from Google with Wi-Fi 6E support, the Nest Wifi Pro is now available but it isn't compatible with Google's other routers and lacks smart speaker functionality. While the overall throughput of the Nest Wi-Fi isn't the best among mesh routers — it had a peak throughput of 653.2 Mbps in our tests — we liked that each satellite was small and unobtrusive, so it wouldn't look out of place on a bookshelf. All in all, this is a great little mesh Wi-Fi system at a reasonable price especially now that it's successor has been released. Read our full Nest WiFi review. The Netgear Nighthawk RAXE500 was the first Wi-Fi 6e router to hit the market, and the results are mind-blowing. By adding the new 6-GHz band to the already impressive capabilities of Wi-Fi 6, the Nighthawk RAXE500 delivers category-leading performance — but at $599, it's not cheap. This tri-band device more than lives up to the hype by delivering nearly 2.5Gbps of real-world data in our testing. Add this to the slick design and highly customizable configuration options, and the Netgear Nighthawk RAXE500 becomes one of the best wireless routers we've ever reviewed. While it’s best at close quarters and is one of the most expensive routers you can buy, the RAXE500 is worth every penny if you have the need for speed. Read our full Netgear Nighthawk RAXE500 review. The Reyee RG-E5 is a real bargain for a Wi-Fi 6 router that can cover 3,000 square feet. It can also become the center of a mesh network when paired with other Reyee gear and there's even a one-touch button to simplify the setup process. However, the Reyee RG-E5's budget price means this router lacks things like extra security software, port aggregation and a USB port for connecting storage devices to your network. At its rear the Reyee RG-E5 has four gigabit Ethernet ports while the eight flipper antennas at the top of the device can be adjusted for a better signal. In our testing, the router was able to deliver 849.2 Mbps at 15 feet though it has a range of 100 feet. If you want to upgrade to Wi-Fi 6 without breaking the bank, this is the router to get. Read our full Reyee RG-E5 review. The TP-Link Archer C5400X is the gaming router to beat, with some of the best performance you'll see in any single home networking device. It offers best-in-class tri-band performance, delivering 1Gbps over its 2.4GHz band and 2.167Gbps over each of its two 5GHz channels. It also has impressive coverage, with more than 100-feet of superb coverage that will blanket most homes in strong, clear Wi-Fi signal. The spider-like 8-antenna design and red-on-black color scheme are sure to turn heads, but the real selling point is the collection of optimization and security features that will satisfy any power user. With excellent bandwidth-allocation controls to let you use the massive throughput as you wish, this router puts incredible performance into the user's hands, for gaming or anything else. Read our full TP-Link Archer C5400X review. For a truly customizable router, we recommend the Linksys EA8300 Max-Stream, which is not only a great tri-band router, it's also loaded with tools to tweak and customize your router for optimal performance. The small black EA8300 Max-Stream can move lots of data, though it will do best in smaller homes. But even with shorter range, it offers impressive performance for a router that sells for less than $200. Whether you're allocating bandwidth to prioritize gaming or media streaming, or just setting up parental controls, you can automate many features, make manual adjustments on the fly, and monitor it — all from your desktop or smartphone. With so many ways to customize your router’s performance, the Linksys EA8300 Max Stream is an easy pick for the power user. Read our full Linksys EA8300 Max Stream review. Maybe you’ve noticed that your current Wi-Fi coverage feels slower than it used to, have been experiencing spotty reception, or maybe you just need something better equipped to handle the demands of the growing number of smart home devices at your house. If you’ve been dealing with any of these issues, a new router should be able to fix these common problems. It’s also worth upgrading to a new Wi-Fi router if you’re still using older hardware. If you have an old Wireless-N or Wireless-AC (retroactively renamed Wi-Fi 4 and Wi-Fi 5 respectively) router in your home, you should definitely consider upgrading to something more current. Newer standards will not only provide faster connectivity but there are other benefits as well. For instance, your smartphone battery will last longer as a result of more efficient device management and your connected home gadgets will all feel much faster with these more capable standards. The other big reason to upgrade your router is that you’re tired of paying a monthly rental fee for a router from your ISP. Since average equipment rental fees cost anywhere from $10-15 each mount, a new router can pay for itself in just a short amount of time while providing you with better service and features. Just don’t forget to pair it with one of the best cable modems if you want to entirely free yourself from the extra costs that often come with broadband internet packages. When it comes to choosing the best wireless router for your home or small business, it’s easy to get lost in the complex networking jargon and obscure technology standards. However, all you really need to know is how to answer two key questions: What speed do you need for your internet connection? And what sort of coverage do you need? Speeds and standards: The internet speed you need for your router is determined by the speed you get from your internet service provider as well as the speeds supported by your modem. For most people, a standard 802.11ac router will handle all but the highest performing plans, like Gigabit internet plans that aren’t available everywhere just yet. With average broadband speeds at around 100 Mbps, most wireless AC routers will be able to handle the job with ease. The latest technology for routers is called Wi-Fi 6 (aka 802.11ax) which is a faster standard that’s better suited for households with a lot of smart home devices. There are many Wi-Fi 6 routers available today, though there’s an even newer twist on this standard called Wi-Fi 6e that takes advantage of a newly opened part of the radio spectrum. Wi-Fi 6e-enabled devices, such as laptops and smartphones, are still few and far between. Unless you’re using a dozen devices at once, you likely won’t see much benefit from upgrading to Wi-Fi 6e at this time. See our article What is Wi-Fi 6E: Routers, devices and how it's better than Wi-Fi 6 to learn more. Coverage range: The other part of the wireless equation is coverage area. A basic standalone router will generally offer 50 to 100 feet of range, so that it can easily cover the majority of apartments and smaller homes. If you have a house with 3,000 square feet or more of space, you’ll want to consider a mesh router instead which use multiple devices to provide a strong Wi-Fi signal throughout larger homes. These are especially helpful in multistory houses or in homes with dead spots where the Wi-Fi signal drops out. Ports: Though wireless connectivity is the main thing you want from a Wi-Fi router, you’ll also want to think about wired connections. Ethernet offers faster connectivity for devices like game consoles and smart TVs that use more bandwidth and USB ports are handy for connecting older printers or storage to your network. Input is another issue, especially if you live in an area where Gigabit internet is available. With a Gigabit connection, an older router can be a bottleneck, slowing down your entire home. Some routers can even aggregate two inputs for even faster connectivity. Price range: Current 802.11 ac routers often sell for less than $100 for basic, dual-band models. More expensive modems range up to $300 but offer better coverage and faster speeds, while gaming routers have built-in optimization features and typically sell for more. New routers using the Wi-Fi 6 standard (previously known as 802.11 ax) often cost $400 or more. Keeping up on everything happening in the networking world can be difficult, so check out our helpful guides on the latest technology, like What is a mesh Wi-Fi router, and do you need one?  Or get the latest advice on how to fix your router's security problems, from simple steps to advanced protections. From router security to in-depth explanations of Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6e, we're always providing the latest info about the newest products and innovations. We test every router we review to measure performance and range, in addition to hands-on use to evaluate the ease-of-setup and quality of settings and features. Throughput describes how much data the router can move back and forth over its wireless connection. Higher throughput will serve you better in data-heavy uses, like streaming video, gaming, or connecting multiple users at once. We measure throughput using IXChariot (opens in new tab), first at a 5-foot distance without obstructions, so that we can gauge the maximum amount of data that the router can move. We then measure how much data the router can move at 50, 75 and 100 feet, so that you can also choose the best model for smaller homes and apartments, where short-range performance may be the priority. We also test performance through walls and ceilings, to determine how well a router can provide signal in the Wi-Fi-dampening conditions common to many buildings and homes. For mesh routers, we perform additional testing to determine how well the mesh system does sending a signal through both the main router and through a satellite unit. Following out throughput tests, we also put the router through real-world tests by connecting a number of devices — laptops, TVs, smartphones, and tablets — and stream a number of games, TV shows and movies simultaneously to see how well the router performs under strain. For more information on how we test networking devices, check out our guide on how we test Wi-Fi routers along with our more general how we test page for Tom's Guide. Check out all of our home networking coverage:. Best mesh routers | Best Wi-Fi 6 routers |  Best gaming routers |  Best Wi-Fi extenders | Best powerline extenders | Best cable modems. Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. Anthony Spadafora is the security and networking editor at Tom’s Guide where he covers everything from data breaches and ransomware gangs to password managers and the best way to cover your whole home or business with Wi-Fi. Before joining the team, he wrote for ITProPortal while living in Korea and later for TechRadar Pro after moving back to the US. Based in Houston, Texas, when he’s not writing Anthony can be found tinkering with PCs and game consoles, managing cables and upgrading his smart home. Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. Tom's Guide is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.

We test and rate scores of cameras and lenses each year, from pocket-friendly models to high-end medium format systems. Here's everything you need to know to pick the best digital camera. Images, and the devices that capture them, are my focus. I've covered cameras at PCMag for the past 10 years, which has given me a front row seat for the DSLR to mirrorless transition, the smartphone camera revolution, and the mainstream adoption of drones for aerial imaging. You can find me on Instagram @jamespfisher. Shopping for a digital camera? We're here to help. Our reviews cover everything from pocket-friendly models to high-end gear for pros. It's a diverse space that can be difficult to navigate if you don't spend all of your free time reading photo blogs and talking about your favorite new lens on an enthusiast forum. Our goal is to help you find a camera that suits your needs, regardless of whether you're a family photographer looking for something better than a smartphone, or an enthusiast trying to decide between an SLR and a mirrorless camera system. If you have an idea of what type of camera you want, check our top overall recommendations below. Otherwise, scroll down for a detailed look at the most popular camera classes and our favorites in those categories. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. The Canon EOS R6 Mark II is our favorite full-frame camera for most people. It snaps attractive 24MP photos and has a class-leading autofocus system that smartly recognizes people, animals, and vehicles. With 12fps (mechanical) and 40fps (electronic shutter) bursts available, it's especially suitable for action shots, while stabilized 4K60 video should please filmmakers and vloggers. If you want a full-frame camera, the R6 Mark II should be near the top of your list. The big sensor means you can get soft, defocused backgrounds, while the best-in-class autofocus system ensures wildlife and sports specialists won't miss their shots. It's also an easy sell if you already own Canon SLR or RF lenses. Creators with Sony glass can look to the a7 IV as an alternative because it offers competitive performance for the same price. The Canon EOS R7 is a mirrorless camera tailor-made for photographers who want to capture sports, wildlife, and other subjects that call for fast, accurate autofocus. And the R7 excels at identifying people, pets, wildlife, and race cars. The 32.5MP APS-C format image sensor matches well with telephoto lenses, offers plenty of resolution for crops, and supports 4K60 video for cinema and vlogs. Weather-protected, magnesium construction makes the R7 a camera you can take out into the world. The R7 is a good fit for photo enthusiasts and pros alike, especially those with an eye for action photography and a need for 15fps subject tracking. As a main camera, the R7 is versatile enough for landscape and studio work, too, while video is an option for cinema projects. Family photographers may miss a built-in flash, however, and should look at the EOS R10 or Fujifilm X-T30 II instead. We also see the EOS R7 as a good backup camera for pros with an EOS R5 or R3, as well as SLR holdouts looking to upgrade from an EOS 7D or 90D series body. The GoPro Hero11 Black is the camera for video-first creators who want to document outdoor adventures, dives, extreme sports, or just vlog. It supports 5.3K60 and 4K120 resolution, records incredibly stable footage without the need for a gimbal, and is small enough to mount pretty much anywhere. The 8:7 format sensor offers flexibility to pull out 16:9 and 9:16 video from the same clip. Optional accessories like the Media Mod cage and microphone, as well as the ultra-wide Max Lens mod, make it a bit more versatile than budget action cams. We also like that it's waterproof to 33 feet. GoPro started as a brand for surfers, so if Point Break is your favorite movie, consider yourself in the target market. Video-first adventure seekers should find the Hero11 a good fit for slow-motion action shots. Meanwhile, vloggers should like the frontside color monitor and cool video features, such as moving time-lapses. The Panasonic Lumix DC-S5 is one of the more affordable full-frame cameras available and we especially like its extra-wide 20-60mm kit zoom, which is particularly useful for cityscapes, landscapes, and vlogs. For the price, it's also hard to beat the full-frame 24MP photos and 10-bit 4K; we really love the way the S5 handles, too. On the downside, its L-Mount lens system isn't as fully-formed as rivals Canon or Sony. Its contrast-detection focus system isn't as good for action shots as alternatives that rely on phase detection, either. If you're looking to make vlogs and want the full-frame look, the S5 is a solid starting platform. Its front-facing screen, 5-axis sensor stabilization, and 10-bit 4K are all marks in its favor. For photography the picture quality is excellent, and a 96MP multi-shot mode is an option for landscape, architectural, and macro specialists. For action, the 6fps tracking focus system is limiting, though, so think about a fast crop-sensor camera like the EOS R7, or a midrange full-framer like the Sony a7 IV if you need more speed. Fresher cameras from other manufacturers give it a run for its money, but the crop-sensor Sony a6400 still offers capable subject tracking, 11fps drive, and 4K30 video. The huge library of E-mount lenses it supports is also a major selling point because it gives you so many options to expand your creativity. If you want access to the E-mount for your photography or mixed media creations, this is the best way to get into the Sony mirrorless system at a reasonable price. The Sony a7 IV is a real do-it-all mirrorless camera. It sports a 33MP full-frame sensor, a plus for wildlife photogs who want to crop but don't want to spend big on a 7R IV model, superb tracking autofocus with 10fps, and stabilized 10-bit 4K60 video for vloggers. There are loads of lenses available too, with plenty of both affordable and high-end options. Third-party lens makers, including Sigma and Tamron, bolster Sony's FE lens line. Creators shopping for a full-frame camera that can handle nearly any task should take a close look at the a7 IV. The SLR-style body pairs well with lenses big and small, while a front-facing LCD is an option for present-to-camera video. It's an easy pick as an upgrade for creators coming from a Sony a6000-series mirrorless or older a7. If you have Canon lenses or accessories, the EOS R6 Mark II is likely a better fit as is the Z 6 II if you're on the Nikon ship. But for photogs without system baggage, the a7 IV is a great starter camera, especially for folks who want to try different lenses. The Olympus Tough TG-6 is the last high-quality tough camera standing; thankfully, it's good enough to earn our enthusiastic recommendation. The pocket-friendly snapshot cam is built to withstand drops and high-pressure environments, with a 50-foot underwater rating. The zoom lens is a bright f/2 at the wide end with a 24mm angle for divers, and we especially love the option to add a macro light for close-up work. For many, a tough camera is one you take with you when don't want to risk destroying your smartphone—the TG-6 fits the bill and manages good picture quality to boot. The TG-6 is the camera to get if you're a thrill-seeker, outdoors enthusiast, or recreational diver in want of a pocketable, hard-to-destroy digital camera. It's our top recommendation if your eye is slanted toward still images over video, and especially if you love macros—the TG-6 is a great close-up camera. Video fans chasing the POV look should opt for a GoPro Hero11 Black instead. The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 VII is, simply put, the best pocket camera out there. It sports a big Type 1 sensor for blurred backgrounds and good results in tough light, along with a long 24-200mm equivalent zoom for versatile coverage and a clever pop-up viewfinder. Autofocus is topflight too, while a stacked CMOS sensor supports 20fps bursts and 4K video. The RX100 VII is a camera for die-hard photogs who want a quality camera with a pocketable form factor, price be damned. Its lens covers a wide range of angles, so you can get an epic landscape views and zoom in on the local fauna, too. Meanwhile, the EVF supports eye-level shots for photography. The EOS R10 is the most affordable entry-point to the EOS R system, but it offers much better than basic performance. We love its versatility as an easy-to-use automatic camera for beginners and a fully manual one for long-time enthusiasts. Creators of all skill levels can benefit from autofocus that can identify and track people, pets, birds and wildlife, and motorsports vehicles at a 15fps pace. If you're stepping up from a Canon Rebel SLR, you can use the EF-EOS R adapter to bring your current lenses along for the ride. Creators looking to jump into the EOS R system who put more preference on fast focus over the slower-but-full-frame EOS RP can look to the R10 as an affordable entry point. It's the mirrorless body that makes the most sense for EOS Rebel owners mulling an upgrade. We also prefer its autofocus to the X-T30 II, so you should opt for the R10 if you're into wildlife or sports photography. Out of all the recent attempts to make a camera just for vlogging, we think the Sony ZV-1 is the best option. The pocket camera sports a front-facing screen and a really, really good microphone, along with a bright f/1.8-2.8 zoom and Type 1 sensor for defocused backgrounds. For video, 4K30 and 1080p slow-mo are available. The ZV-1 is the camera to get if you want to start vlogging, but don't want to buy a ton of lenses, accessories, and other gadgets. You might still want to add a gimbal for Steadicam-smooth footage, but you can get sharp videos and good sound from the ZV-1 right out of the box. Sony also has a swappable lens model, the ZV-E10, for more advanced creators, but that model requires you to invest in some additional accessories to get the best results. It's no secret that smartphones have seriously hurt the demand for entry-level point-and-shoot cameras. The latest from Apple, the iPhone 14, is a better camera than any low-cost compact, and Android fans can get excellent snapshots with handsets like the Samsung Galaxy S23 or the Google Pixel 7. High-end phones are expensive, but if you're already buying a fancy handset, there's no reason to buy a low-end camera, too. If you've embraced smartphone photography, peruse our top camera phone picks to help find your next phone and check out our tips for taking the best smartphone photos. If you aren't a smartphone user or have opted to go for a basic model without a high-end camera, you can buy any number of sub-$100 no-name cameras at online retailers, but I'd avoid them like the plague. If you can spend more than $100, we recommend you stick with Canon, Nikon, Panasonic, and Sony. Most sub-$200 cameras stand apart from smartphones because they pack decent zoom power, though they largely rely on older CCD sensor technology. The 20MP CCD sensors common across the current generation offer plenty of resolution, but suffer in dim light and top out at 720p video quality. If you stretch your budget up to $400, you can find cameras with more modern CMOS image sensors and longer zoom lenses—30x is the standard at this point. 1080p video is common, and you often get small electronic viewfinders, Raw shooting options, and quick autofocus. Pure image quality isn't any better than a midrange smartphone though; the zoom lens is the main advantage. A rugged, waterproof camera is a good option if you're an outdoor adventurer, snorkeler, beachgoer, or just a bit of a klutz. For around $450, the Olympus Tough TG-6 is our favorite; it's easily the best rugged compact available today. If you don't want to spend that much, you can get a Ricoh WG-70 for under $300, or the slim Panasonic Lumix TS30 for less than $200. We broke down our favorite waterproof cameras in a separate story. You can also go the action cam route. You get better video and quality still images from the GoPro Hero11 Black or DJI Osmo Action 3, but you give up zoom power in the process. It's a trade-off you might want to make, especially if you're interested in slow-motion video. For more, click through to see our favorite action cams. You might scratch your head when you see pocket cameras with fixed lenses selling for anywhere from $400 to $1,300. After all, you can get an interchangeable lens model for the same price. But these slim, premium shooters target a very specific market—photographers who already own a mirrorless camera or SLR and a bunch of lenses, but want something small as an alternative. Pocket cameras with Type 1 (also called 1-inch class) sensors compete with iPhones on image quality, offer some zoom power, and have sounder ergonomics for handheld photography. These models dominate our top point-and-shoot list. If you're interested in a basic big-sensor model, the Canon G9 X Mark II is a solid pick for under $500. You can spend more on a G7 X Mark III to add a tilt screen and step up to a better lens, or go for our Editors' Choice G5 X Mark II and its eye-level electronic viewfinder. Canon's G series competes with the long-running Sony RX100 family—they're all fine cameras. Some enthusiast-oriented models pair even bigger sensors (from Micro Four Thirds up to full-frame) with a quality prime lens. The Fujifilm X100V is the best of the bunch, and one of the few compacts available with a big optical viewfinder. Unfortunately, it's not often in stock. Its competitors vary greatly in concept and form. The Ricoh GR III and IIIx are built for urban documentary imaging, with ergonomics titled for one-handed operation and a snapshot focus mode for focus-free imaging. And we can't forget to mention the Leica Q2 Monochrom, one of the few digitals out there with a sensor solely for black-and-white imaging, or the Q2 and its color sensor. These aren't big tent cameras, but it can be rewarding to stray from the beaten path. You can opt for a fixed-lens camera that's similar in size and shape to an SLR—a bridge camera. These models tend to have really long lenses—the Nikon P1000 has the most optical zoom power (125x). Long lenses require some extra care to use, so these cameras usually include an eye-level EVF, a hot shoe to mount accessories, and an articulating display. Bridge models might look like interchangeable lens cameras, but typically don't do well in dim light. Our favorite consumer model, the 65x zoom Canon PowerShot SX70 HS, gets tight views for backyard birding and trips to the zoo, but its lens works best outdoors in sunlight. You can spend a bit more on a big sensor bridge camera. The midrange Panasonic FZ1000 II and premium Sony RX10 IV feature bigger image sensors and have optics that gather more light—both advantages for use in dim conditions. If you're shopping for a starter camera with swappable lenses, you must make a choice: go the old route and get an SLR, or spend extra on a more capable mirrorless camera. Both types of cameras use changeable lenses and have image sensors that dwarf those of pocket and bridge cameras. SLRs rely on an optical viewfinder and mirror to direct light to your eye as well as a discrete phase detection sensor to set autofocus. Most mirrorless cameras drop the optical finder in favor of an OLED electronic viewfinder. The image sensor handles the autofocus operations here, which results in better subject recognition and tracking than entry SLRs. SLRs aren't the wonders they once were, but you can usually get started with one for less than a mirrorless camera. Nikon doesn't have any entry-level models in production, but you can still get good results from the midrange EOS Rebel SL3; avoid the basic Rebel T7. Cameras from Fujifilm and Sony, and Micro Four Thirds models from the OM System (the new name for Olympus) and Panasonic, are among the leading mirrorless brands. There are many good options under $1,000 suitable for general photography. These affordable mirrorless cameras are quicker to focus than SLRs, support high-speed burst modes, and offer 4K video. You should make sure that whatever system you choose offers the lenses you want, though most cover the basics. Micro Four Thirds, Fujifilm, and Sony cameras have the biggest selection of lenses, while Canon EOS R and Nikon Z lag behind. When you spend more than $1,000 for a camera, you don't necessarily see a big jump in image quality versus entry-level models. Camera makers like to streamline sensors across multiple models, as it allows them to develop technology that they can use across their catalog. Your extra money typically gets you better build quality, faster memory card slots for longer burst shooting, and higher capture rates. All of these are important for enthusiasts interested in capturing fast action and outdoor photographers who want some level of weather protection. Shutterbugs and enthusiasts have a few good choices in the space, including our favorite APS-C Canon, the EOS R7, and the Fujifilm X-T5. Both offer sturdy construction and although Fuji’s autofocus isn’t as bleeding edge as Canon's, Fuji has more purpose-built lenses available at this time. We also like the Sony a6600 and Panasonic Lumix GH5 Mark II. We tend to recommend EVF cameras more highly—on-sensor autofocus leads to more in-focus shots, and models with stabilized sensors do a good job reducing the number of blurry, shaky photos you take. Mirrorless cameras dominate our list of favorite interchangeable lens cameras. If you prefer an optical viewfinder, we recommend the Canon EOS 90D, Nikon D500, or Pentax K-3 Mark III. The 90D has the fullest set of lenses behind it and the best video toolkit of the bunch. The Pentax K-3 Mark III is a bit better built and has some specialized lenses, including a fan-favorite line of compact primes, DA Limited. Full-frame cameras—those with image sensors that match the size of 35mm film—are accessible options for enthusiasts because of falling prices. Basic models start at around $1,000 and capable midrange options are available for around $2,000. You can spend more for a specialty model that costs anywhere from $3,000 all the way up to $6,500. The Canon EOS RP is our favorite low-cost model. Its feature set covers the basics and Canon has done a fine job adding affordable lens options since its release. It is missing a stabilized image sensor, something you get with the RP's competitors, Nikon Z 5 and Sony a7C. One of our midrange picks is the Panasonic Lumix DC-S5, an L-mount mirrorless with a stabilized sensor, 10-bit 4K, and a $1,500 starting price. We also tested its predecessor, the Panasonic Lumix DC-S5 II, but weren't as impressed. If you can spend more, the Canon EOS R6 Mark II and Sony a7 IV are also Editors' Choice winners because of their next-level autofocus systems, among other reasons. For more specialized recommendations and models, as well as an overview of what each full-frame camera system offers, be sure to read our full-frame camera buying guide. Medium format digital cameras used to be the tools reserved for the most successful (or well-funded) photographers. You can still drop $50,000 on a Phase One IQ4 150MP if you want to, but, for most of us, the prospect is rather silly. Medium format doesn't have to cost that much. Fujifilm's GFX line has dropped the price of entry to medium format to its lowest point, $4,000 for a 50MP GFX 50S II or $6,000 for the 100MP GFX 100S. That's still quite a bit of money, but loads less than in years past, especially when you consider both of these cameras have a stabilized image sensor. Fujifilm isn't the only game in town. Hasselblad offers a mirrorless medium format system, one that includes the analog throwback 907X. Pentax still sells its medium format SLR, the 645Z, too, if you prefer an optical viewfinder. Smartphones and basic point-and-shoots are designed for automatic operation. If you want to take up photography as a hobby, or aspire to be a photojournalist or wedding pro, get a camera that gives you room to grow and learn the craft. I recommend getting a good mirrorless camera to start. You can use the Sony a6400 or Fujifilm X-T30 II in a fully automatic mode, but also take over exposure manually. Because these cameras use electronic viewfinders, you can see a preview of your final exposure before you take the shot. If you're thinking about starting with a full-frame model—the type of camera most pros use—the Canon EOS RP or Nikon Z 5 are good starter models. When shopping for a starter camera, ask yourself some questions about what you want. Take a look at the size, as a camera isn't any good if you're not going to carry and use it. But also think about connectivity—you probably want to copy images to your smartphone easily—and price. Ease of use isn't a huge hurdle these days—everything has an auto mode—but models with guided interfaces let you take some measure of control over how your photos turn out, without having to know too much technical jargon. You don't have to go digital. Film is still an option and instant cameras are extremely popular. Instant formats take away the hassle of getting film developed and make it easy to share physical images with friends and family immediately. You can get an entry-level model for around $65 and film packs generally cost around $7.50. The Fujifilm Instax Mini 12 is our favorite basic model and the SQ1 is there if you prefer square prints. You can also buy a new 35mm or medium format camera. You don't have as many options for getting film developed as you used to—if you're in a major city it's easy to find a lab, but you may have to resort to mail order if you're not close to a metropolis. You can find old film SLRs and compacts in thrift shops and online stores pretty easily. If you're intent on buying a new model, Lomography still makes a bunch of different ones, from experimental models like the Sprocket Rocket, which captures panoramic shots with exposed sprockets, to premium options like the full-frame Lomo LC-Wide. Not surprisingly, we find bridge models to be just about perfect for globetrotters. They pack a wide zoom range, so you don't have to fumble with lens changes. And if you opt for a premium 1-inch model you can shoot in varying types of light. But you might want a different kind of camera to take with you on your journeys. If you want something more pocket-friendly, a point-and-shoot can do the trick. But be prepared to get a little spendy for a camera worthy of your exotic destinations. For the rough-and-tumble crowd, I recommend the Olympus TG-6 due to its bright lens and tough build. (If you're more of a video person, don't forget about the GoPro Hero11 Black.). For more leisurely vacations, reach for a premium compact like a Sony RX100 model or Canon G7 X Mark III and enjoy the comfortable form factor of a camera and image quality that's a tad better than your smartphone. If you don't mind carrying something larger, a good mirrorless camera and a couple of lenses easily fit into a small bag, plus net images and videos worthy of sharing with friends and family back home. The Sony ZV-E10 is a good affordable option; alternatives like the Fujifilm X-E4 are a bit more stylish. Sign up for Lab Report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! Images, and the devices that capture them, are my focus. I've covered cameras at PCMag for the past 10 years, which has given me a front row seat for the DSLR to mirrorless transition, the smartphone camera revolution, and the mainstream adoption of drones for aerial imaging. You can find me on Instagram @jamespfisher. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. What is the best camera to get? That depends on what and how you want to shoot. Here are 12 great cameras for all kinds of users. Choosing the best camera is hard enough for professional photographers, but when you're just starting out the choice of types and price brackets can seem overwhelming. The best camera for photography isn't necessarily the most expensive, or the most powerful – it's about choosing the right camera for what you want to do. Here's our list of the 10 best cameras right now across the whole spectrum of photography as well as its different users. To start things off, we'll need to find out want kind of photographer you are now, what kind of photographer you want to be, and what you want to shoot. 1. If you just want something user-friendly, quick, and cheap, head over to the best point-and-shoot cameras (opens in new tab). These don't cost a lot, they come with zoom lenses and they have simple controls that almost anyone can master. 2. What about an instant camera? Even the best instant cameras (opens in new tab) aren't very expensive, and with few buttons to confuse things, they are super simple, and a whole lot of fun. They can also be the best cameras for kids (opens in new tab), as they are cheap to buy and easy to handle. 3. If you're just getting started in photography but keen to learn, you need a camera that's simple enough for a novice to pick up and use, but powerful enough to grow with you as you try out more advanced techniques. We've got examples in this guide but check out the best cameras for beginners (opens in new tab) too. 4. Are you into travel photography and vlogging? Some of the best cameras for travel (opens in new tab) are mirrorless, but have you considered an action camera, or one of the new generation of gimbal cameras like the DJI Pocket 2, below? 5. Action cameras are also a great way to get started. The best GoPro cameras (opens in new tab) ignited the whole adventure photography genre, but there are some very exciting new technologies that include 360 imaging and pocket-sized gimbal cameras for super-smooth action sequences. The best 360 cameras (opens in new tab) can capture VR video and stills with no more than the press of a button to give you a totally new perspective. 6. And talking about perspective, why not try out one of the best camera drones (opens in new tab)? With automated take-off and landing, automated flight controls, and programmed flights, most are really simple, even for novices. There are now so many different ways to get into photography and video, and below we've got a list of ten cameras of the best cameras around right now, each with its own strengths and its own appeal for different kinds of photographers. Why you can trust Digital Camera World 


Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out how we test. The Nikon D3500 is a long-standing favorite of ours. It's by no means the most advanced DSLR you can get, but its simplicity, its controls, and the quality of the images it can create make it our top recommendation for anyone just starting out. There’s a lot the D3500 doesn’t do – it has a fixed rear screen that’s not touch-sensitive, it doesn’t have hybrid on-sensor autofocus and it doesn’t shoot 4K video. But its 24-megapixel sensor delivers super-sharp, super-high-quality images, Nikon’s latest AF-P retracting kit lens is a miniature marvel and focuses very fast in live view, even without on-sensor phase-detection autofocus. The D3500 handles well, it’s easy to use, it’s more powerful than it looks and it’s the perfect introduction to interchangeable lens photography. Read our full Nikon D3500 review for more details  or Best cameras for beginners (opens in new tab). With a flip-over screen for selfies and very good in-body image stabilization, the Olympus OM-D E-M10 Mark IV is ideal for learning about photography and video and portable enough for daily use. With 4K video and attractive styling, the E-M10 Mark IV is ideal as an entry-level camera that can do pretty much everything. It has a smaller Micro Four Thirds sensor than other mirrorless cameras or DSLRs, but the advantage is that the lenses are smaller and lighter. This is a great little camera that's so much more powerful than it looks and could be with you for a long time to come. Read our full Olympus OM-D E-M10 Mark IV review for more details or Best mirrorless cameras (opens in new tab). The 'R' models in Sony's A7 series cameras are designed first and foremost for resolution – and the Sony A7R Mark IV has the highest resolution yet in a full-frame camera. It's not just the detail rendition that's stellar, but this camera's 4K video capability and 10fps continuous shooting speed – all combined with in-body 5-axis image stabilization and one of the most powerful autofocus systems the world has seen, complete with the world's best (so far) eye AF. One of the most compelling reasons for picking the Sony system, however, is the extensive lens range now available, both from Sony itself and from third-party lens makers, and the momentum the Sony brand has built up in the professional photographic community. Read our full Sony A7R IV review for more details or Best mirrorless cameras (opens in new tab). Despite the Hero 11 Black looking like every other GoPro this side of 2019, with upgraded hardware and software, it's a triumph on all fronts. The new, almost square sensor is supremely versatile, the camera's software has been simplified successfully, and GoPro's companion app, Quik has also been improved. With best-in-class stabilization, great-looking video in all but dimly-lit and dark scenes, and some fun new modes like light painting, the Hero 11 Black is an excellent addition to the line. The Hero 11 Black's 8:7 aspect ratio is also a standout highlight for content creators. Able to shoot in 5.3K resolution, 8:7 video at up to 30fps, its footage can be losslessly cropped to create new 4K portrait, landscape, and square clips from a single video. On top of 8:7 video, the Hero 11 Black captures 5.3K resolution video at 60 fps, 4K resolution video at 120 fps, or 2.7K resolution at 240 fps. You can also grab 27MP stills from 5.3K video. The Hero 11 Black might not have wildly improved the line's lowlight performance. Still, with its new 8:7 sensor, a simplified interface, and enhanced horizon leveling, it's upgraded GoPro's offering in a meaningful way. Particularly appealing to folks who use multiple social platforms, nothing else can do quite what the 11 Black can. Read our full GoPro Hero 11 Black review for more details. GoPro Subscription explained: what you get, and is it worth it. The Fujifilm X-H2 (opens in new tab) is an extremely compelling camera at an equally compelling price. This camera has the highest resolution yet in an APS-C camera, its 40-megapixel sensor surpassing that of all but a handful of full-frame cameras (opens in new tab). With  8K video and 5-axis IBIS to boot, you get impressive performance for an impressive price! The design and handling are identical to the X-H2S and the X-H1 before. The status display panel on the top of the X-H2 is especially good and worth giving up the shutter speed and ISO dials for. Theoretically, the Fujifilm X-H2’s responses will be slower than those of the X-H2s, but it's still a very snappy performer with fast and accurate AF. Vs the Fujifilm X-H2S (opens in new tab) below, the X-H2 offers greater resolution but slightly lower continuous shooting bursts, so for any genre offer than action, it's the best Fujifilm camera yet. Read our full Fujifilm X-H2 review (opens in new tab) for more details. The GoPro Hero 10 might be a little more than you need if you're shopping for your first action camera, but if you're looking for a camera that's going to record super-smooth high-quality video this can't be beaten. It might look a lot like the previous GoPro Hero 9, which is still available, but it is a pretty significant upgrade. It features a new G2 processor which makes the interface super responsive, doubles the frame rates, and fuels the best image stabilization tech available in action cameras. The stand-out feature is its ability to record 5.3K 60p using GoPro's new HyperSmooth 4.0 video stabilization. It also has the ability to shoot 23-megapixel photos and it has the best low-light performance of any GoPro yet. You can buy a wealth of accessories separately so as well as mounting it on your helmet, you could attach it to your chest, your head, or even onto one of the best selfie sticks (opens in new tab). Read our full GoPro Hero10 Black review (opens in new tab) for more details or Best action cameras (opens in new tab). We know that mirrorless cameras are all the rage, but we've included the Canon EOS 90D for all those DSLR fans we know are still out there – and for all the folk who've got drawers full of Canon lenses! The Canon EOS 90D is an astounding APS-C workhorse of a camera, which combines the highest resolution yet seen in an APS-C sensor of 32.5MP, with a high-speed frame rate of 10fps, and it also manages glorious uncropped 4K videos, without that irritating crop that has plagued Canon cameras in the past. Its handling and ergonomics are a joy, reminding us of why shooting on a DSLR is such an enjoyably tactile experience, and it's available for a welcome enthusiast price point – not to mention the fact that you get an optical viewfinder, which many people still prefer to the electronic viewfinders on mirrorless cameras. Rumors of the DSLR's death will have been greatly exaggerated if Canon keeps on producing models as good as this. Read our full Canon EOS 90D review (opens in new tab) for more details or Best DSLRs (opens in new tab). The Fujifilm X-S10 doesn't have the external exposure controls of the higher-level X-series cameras, but that's the only thing we can find to complain about, and it's clear this is no 'amateur' camera, as its build quality and handling stand out straight away. The swap to a conventional mode dial might disappoint Fujifilm fans, but the excellent finish, build quality and handling, and the inclusion of IBIS (in-body stabilization) give this camera a very broad appeal, especially in this price sector, to produce perhaps the best combination of performance, quality, and value in the APS-C mirrorless camera market right now. It even has a vari-angle rear screen, which is another reason why we rate this new camera above our previous favorite, the X-T30. This is a great choice for photographers looking to upgrade from an older DSLR or mirrorless camera. Read our full Fujifilm X-S10 review for more details or Best cameras for enthusiasts (opens in new tab). Normally we recommend interchangeable lens cameras for any kind of serious photography or filmmaking, but we'll make an exception with the Sony ZV-1. It has a fixed 3x zoom lens and a 1-inch sensor that's smaller than its Micro Four Thirds and APS-C rivals, but it makes up for it with a super-compact body small enough to slip into a jacket or even a trouser pocket, and a body, controls, audio system and rear that are optimized brilliantly for vlogging. The woolly hat you see in the pictures is a muffler to cut wind noise while filming, and it comes with the camera, and the autofocus on this camera is blazingly fast – and copes brilliantly when you hold objects up to show the camera. Read our full Sony ZV-1 review (opens in new tab) for more details or Best cameras for vlogging (opens in new tab) and why not try Best cameras for travel (opens in new tab). We've gone really left-field with this suggestion, but the DJI Pocket 2 could be a great travel/vlogging camera. It wouldn't be the first choice for stills, but its 16MP stills (it can go up to 64MP) are likely to be better than a smartphone's and it can shoot programmable multi-row panoramas stitched-in camera, too. There's even an optional wide-angle add-on for spectacular interiors and architecture. Its star turn is its video, though, with an in-built gimbal that provides a smoothness bigger cameras can only dream of. It comes with a dinky controller for powered pan and tilt movements and has a trio of 'follow' modes, just like a proper gimbal. The difference is that this one will fit in a shirt pocket. The built-in touchscreen is very small, but you can plug the Pocket 2 into your smartphone and control it on a bigger screen via the DJI app. Read our full DJI Pocket 2 review (opens in new tab) for more details. The best way to think of the DJI Mini SE in terms of quality is as a flying smartphone camera from a mid-range device. That, though, is a high standard these days, certainly far higher than toy drones and their shaky video because this drone can hover perfectly thanks to its onboard sensors and has a 3-axis mechanical stabilizer for its camera. Drone experts might decide that the 2.7K video resolution isn’t enough for them, but most new users will be amazed by the stability and the video quality. The Mini SE also scrapes in beneath the legal 250g registration threshold and has a much more welcoming entry price than anything else DJI offers, making it a perfect gift. Software-wise the app is intuitive and includes auto land, return to home, and some cool orbiting effects which will be sure to earn likes. Read our full: DJI Mini SE review (opens in new tab)  for more details or Best camera drones (opens in new tab), and why not try  Best drones for beginners (opens in new tab). The EOS R5 is Canon's latest flagship mirrorless camera and seems to be trying to corner every segment of the market at once. It's got a brand-new 45MP sensor that produces images of incredible detail thanks to a new low-pass filter, as well as the class-leading autofocus system of the EOS-1D X Mark III, with a whopping 5,940 AF points for photography and 4,500 for video. The EOS R5's video specs are nothing short of next-generation. It can capture uncropped 8K Raw video internally at up to 29.97fps in 4:2:2 12-bit Canon Log or HDR PQ (both H.265) in both UHD and DCI – this is cinema-quality stuff, and Canon knows it. 4K capture is also possible at up to 119.88fps, and with the new Frame Grab function, it's possible to snatch high-resolution 35.4MP stills from your 8K footage, ensuring you never miss a moment. Read our full Canon EOS R5 review (opens in new tab) for more details or Best professional cameras (opens in new tab). We test cameras both in real-world shooting (opens in new tab) scenarios and in carefully controlled lab conditions. Our lab tests measure resolution, dynamic range, and signal-to-noise ratio. Resolution is measured using ISO resolution charts, dynamic range is measured using DxO Analyzer test equipment and DxO Analyzer is also used for noise analysis across the camera's ISO range. We use both real-world testing and lab results to inform our comments in buying guides. The 10 best cameras for enthusiasts (opens in new tab)
10 best compact cameras (opens in new tab)
10 best mirrorless cameras (opens in new tab)
The 10 cheapest full-frame cameras (opens in new tab)
Best full-frame DSLRs (opens in new tab)
10 best travel cameras (opens in new tab)
The 10 best bridge cameras (opens in new tab)
The 10 best selfie cameras (opens in new tab)
10 best action cameras (opens in new tab). Get the best camera deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable photography news and more! Rod is an independent photography journalist and editor, and a long-standing Digital Camera World contributor, having previously worked as DCW's Group Reviews editor. Before that he has been technique editor on N-Photo, Head of Testing for the photography division and Camera Channel editor on TechRadar, as well as contributing to many other publications. He has been writing about photography technique, photo editing and digital cameras since they first appeared, and before that began his career writing about film photography. He has used and reviewed practically every interchangeable lens camera launched in the past 20 years, from entry-level DSLRs to medium format cameras, together with lenses, tripods, gimbals, light meters, camera bags and more. Rod has his own camera gear blog at fotovolo.com (opens in new tab) but also writes about photo-editing applications and techniques at lifeafterphotoshop.com (opens in new tab). Digital Camera World is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.

While advanced video features are all the rage on cameras these days, photography is still the bread and butter of most consumer cameras. Whether you're looking for the perfect camera to document your travel adventures, a model that can capture beautiful landscapes, or a fast camera to keep up with sports and wildlife, there's no shortage of options out there, including many that are well-rounded enough to suit all manner and styles of photography. What's most important is choosing a camera that fits your needs, budget, and ergonomic preferences. It's worth noting that a camera's overall performance can vary drastically depending on the lens you use. As a general rule, it's better to invest in a less expensive camera body and higher-quality lenses than to invest in an expensive camera body and cheap lenses. We've bought and tested over 80 cameras in our lab, and below you'll find our recommendations for the best digital cameras for photography. If you're looking for something more specific, you can also check out our recommendations for the best cameras for wildlife photography, the best cameras for landscape photography, or the best cameras for low-light photography. The Canon EOS R6 Mark II is the best enthusiast camera we've tested for photography. This well-rounded full-frame camera excels at all kinds of photography and even offers improvements over its predecessor, the Canon EOS R6, our previous favorite. Its new higher-resolution sensor gives you a little more leeway to crop your photos. The camera now has a faster readout speed and a whopping 40 fps burst rate when using the electronic shutter. Add a remarkable autofocus system with reliable tracking, and you've got a fantastic camera for sports and action photography. Beyond that, it's well-built, weather-sealed, and feels good in the hand. Plus, it has in-body image stabilization to help you shoot at slower shutter speeds in low light. That said, lens selection for the RF-mount still falls short of competitors like Sony. If you do want more native and third-party lenses to choose from, the Sony α7 IV is another fantastic hybrid camera aimed at enthusiasts. It has a more clinical design with worse ergonomics than the Canon, but the two cameras are very evenly matched for performance. Of course, the original R6 is still an amazing camera for photography if you don't mind a lower-resolution sensor. If the Canon EOS R6 Mark II is beyond your budget, the Sony α7 III is an older model that's still well worth considering today. Though it's been superseded by the more video-capable Sony α7 IV, the a7 III is a mainstay for a reason and remains one of the best cameras for photographers for its price. It has plenty to offer, including a still-competitive autofocus system, 10 fps burst shooting, and one of the longest-lasting batteries you'll find on a mirrorless camera. You lose out on weather sealing, touch navigation, and Sony's new-and-improved menu system. However, these are small sacrifices for a camera that still holds up remarkably well to newer competition for image quality. If you're looking for slightly better build quality and ergonomics, stretching your budget a little will nab you the Nikon Z 6II, a worthy competitor if you can live with shorter battery life and fewer lens options. The Fujifilm X-T4 is another fantastic all-arounder in this price range, with style for days and a more portable body, though its more compact size comes at the cost of image quality because of its smaller APS-C sensor. The best mid-range camera we've tested for photography is the Nikon Z 50. Unlike most of our higher-end picks, this camera uses an APS-C sensor, which makes it a bit less capable in low light than full-frame alternatives. Unless you're a pro or enthusiast, a crop sensor will still be enough to get you high-quality images, and you get the upside of generally cheaper lenses and more portability. It's also one of the most well-built and comfortable entry-level cameras we've tested, with a weather-sealed body and generous handgrip. It has a large viewfinder, giving you a clear view of your subject, and a highly intuitive user interface. Battery life isn't amazing, however, so if you'd prefer a longer-lasting battery, the Sony α6400 is better in that respect. The Sony also has slightly better autofocus, but its ergonomics and user interface leave much to be desired. The Olympus OM-D E-M10 Mark IV is the best budget model we've tested for photography. It's the only option on this list that's part of the Micro Four Thirds system, and while the smaller sensor does mean a bit of a trade-off in low-light capability, it's still an excellent little camera that offers a ton of value for its price. There's also a wide selection of affordable lenses available for the Micro Four Thirds system, making it a versatile option to grow your skills with if you're just starting in photography. The camera is also super portable, with a compact design making it easy to take on the go. Plus, it's one of the few cameras in this price range to feature in-body image stabilization, which can help you shoot at slower shutter speeds handheld. Though it doesn't have the most reliable autofocus, it has a quick burst rate for action photos, along with very solid overall image quality. The Canon EOS M50 Mark II is a good alternative if you want a larger sensor and better autofocus, but lens options are a lot more limited. If you thought high-quality photography was reserved only for large interchangeable lens cameras, think again. The Fujifilm X100V proves that point-and-shoots still have something to offer in the age of smartphone photography. This premium compact camera has the same 26-megapixel APS-C sensor as flagship models like the Fujifilm X-T4. Its design also hearkens back to vintage rangefinder cameras, with a hybrid electronic/optical viewfinder offset from the center of the body. As if that wasn't enough, the package is tied together by an excellent 35mm full-frame equivalent prime lens, which is versatile enough for different photography styles. It isn't the smallest point-and-shoot but is compact enough for travel or street photography. If you need something smaller, the Sony RX100 VII is a great, more portable alternative. It even has a zoom lens if you prefer to have a bit more flexibility with framing. However, it uses a smaller one-inch sensor, so image quality isn't as good as the Fuji. If you're after portability and image quality, the RICOH GR III is a street photographer's dream and another worthy alternative—as long as you don't mind giving up a viewfinder and tilting screen. Mar 27, 2023:
                Replaced the Canon EOS R6 with the Canon EOS R6 Mark II as the 'Best Camera For Photography'. Feb 15, 2023:
                Replaced the Canon EOS M50 Mark II with the Olympus OM-D E-M10 Mark IV as the 'Best Budget Camera For Photography'; removed the Panasonic LUMIX DC-S5 from Notable Mentions. Jan 18, 2023:
                Reviewed accuracy of article, with small adjustments to text for readability. Dec 19, 2022:
                Removed the Canon EOS RP from Notable Mentions and brushed up text for clarity. Nov 25, 2022:
                Renamed the Fujifilm X100V to 'Best Point-And-Shoot Camera For Photography'. Our recommendations above are what we think are currently the best digital cameras for photography for most people to buy, according to their needs. We factor in the price, feedback from our visitors, and availability (no cameras that are difficult to find or almost out of stock in the U.S.). If you would like to choose for yourself, here's the list of all our camera reviews. Be careful not to get caught up in the details. There is no single perfect camera. Personal taste, preference, and shooting habits will matter more in your selection.

Your guide to a better future. The new models are starting to hit stores now but existing TVs are better deals. Here are our favorites. The future of TV technology was announced at CES 2023 and many of the new models from brands like Samsung, LG and Sony are hitting stores soon. But those brand-new televisions are often more expensive than existing models. That's because the best TV deals are cyclical and discounts on 2023 TVs won't begin in earnest until fall and winter, as stores slash prices and TV makers compete for your dollar. But right now, in the spring of 2023, which TVs are actually the best values for your money? That's the question we strive to answer at CNET. Our list, featuring TVs we've reviewed side by side, is designed to help you find the best TV for you, from high-end OLED and QLED models to budget LCD TVs and everything in between. The TCL 6-Series Roku TV sits at the top of our list of best TVs for a number of reasons. It offers superb picture quality, an affordable price tag and Roku, the best smart TV system. It also includes gaming features like 4K/120Hz input and variable refresh rate that can get the most out of consoles like the PS5 and Xbox Series X. When a friend asks me what TV to buy from 55- to 85-inches, and money is still an object, I tell them to get the TCL 6-Series. There are plenty of other excellent choices out there, however, so even though the 6-Series is my current favorite for most people, it might not be right for your preferences or budget. 55-, 65-, 75- 85-inch. For the last five years, the TCL 6-Series has been our favorite TV for the money, and the newest version -- also known as the R655 series -- is no exception. This TV has an excellent image thanks to mini-LED tech and well-implemented full-array local dimming that helps it run circles around just about any other TV at this price. It improves upon the previous R635 series with improved gaming extras and a new center-mount stand that you can elevate to make room for a soundbar, although the new 85-inch size has standard legs. And finally, the Roku TV operating system is our hands-down favorite. Note that in addition to the R635, which this TV replaces, other versions of the 6-Series were released in 2021 and remain on sale. The R646 series uses the Google TV operating system but otherwise has similar specifications to the R655 models reviewed here. The R648 series has 8K resolution and is significantly more expensive. The prices shown below are for the 65-inch size. Read our TCL 6-Series (2022 Roku TV) review. The C2 represents the pinnacle of picture quality at a price that's admittedly high, but not too crazy. It beats any non-OLED TV on this list, including the Samsung QN90B below, with its perfect black levels, unbeatable contrast and superb off-angle viewing. It also has superb gaming features, making it the perfect companion to an Xbox Series X or S, PlayStation 5 or both. The C2 comes in a variety of sizes as well, although the bigger models are expensive. Improvements over the C1 from the previous year include carbon-fiber construction for up to 47% lighter weight -- the 65-inch version we reviewed weighs just 37 pounds with its stand, compared to 72 pounds for the 65-inch C1 -- as well as some additional tweaks to game mode and a new "always ready" feature. The prices shown below are for the 65-inch size. Read our LG C2 series OLED TV review. 43-, 50-, 55-, 65-, 75-, 85-inch. The picture quality of the TCL 4-Series Roku TV was a step behind the Vizio V-Series in our budget TV test, but the differences between the two are slight enough that you'd really have to have them set up side by side to notice anything at all. The 4-Series lacks the Dolby Vision, Bluetooth connectivity and AMD FreeSync with a variable refresh rate, all of which the Vizio offers. The 4-Series' advantage over the Vizio is that it comes with the excellent Roku Smart TV system built in. That makes it a great choice for those looking for a one-stop smart TV solution, without having to add an external streaming device. The prices shown below are for the 50-inch size. Looking for a high-end TV with spectacular image quality, but don't want an OLED? The Samsung QN90B is your best bet. This TV uses QLED TV tech augmented by mini-LED for a brighter image than any OLED TV. The spectacular contrast of OLED still won out in our side-by-side tests, but the QN90B QLED screen comes closer than ever. The prices shown below are for the 65-inch size. Read our Samsung QN90B review. Among midpriced models we liked the TCL 6-Series just a little better in our side-by-side comparison, but this Hisense is a strong contender. Its excellent image quality is anchored by best-in-class brightness that improves its bright-room picture quality and makes HDR TV movies, shows and games really pop. It's actually brighter than the TCL with better contrast, but the TCL's slightly more accurate image gave it the edge overall. The Hisense uses Google TV instead of Roku, and unlike the TCL, the U8H includes an ATSC 3.0 tuner. Frankly, you can't go wrong with either one. The prices shown below are for the 65-inch size. Read our Hisense U8H review. LED with local dimming. The Vizio MQX is one of the least expensive TVs to feature full-array local dimming, which lets it reproduce TV shows, movies and games with enough contrast and pop to do HDR justice. The MQX has fewer dimming zones than more expensive TVs like the TCL 6-Series and Hisense U8H, but it offers 16 zones on the 50-inch, 30 on the 65-inch and 42 on the 75-inch, which is more than enough for excellent overall picture quality, with bright highlights, dark black levels, punchy contrast and accurate color. Unlike the M7 from 2021, the MQX has a true 120Hz refresh rate, which allows compatibility with 4K/120Hz signals from game consoles like the Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5, and worked well in our tests. Vizio supports both major HDR formats, HDR10 and Dolby Vision, in the M-Series. If you can't save up for the TCL or the Hisense but want a better picture than the TCL 4-Series or Vizio V-series, the Vizio MQX is an excellent happy medium. The prices shown below are for the 65-inch size. Read our Vizio MQX review. Samsung is the brand that sells more TVs than anyone, and one of its most popular is the Q60 series. Its sleek QLED screen design stands out compared with the other TVs on this list -- even though the ultrathin OLED models are sleeker -- and it offers better features, image quality and more sizes than models like the TCL 4-Series and Sony X80K. The TVs listed in this article are all superior values, but if you want a Samsung TV and can't afford the QN90A, this is a great choice. The prices shown below are for the 55-inch size. Read our Samsung Q60B review. When we compared the best budget TVs side-by-side, the picture quality of Vizio's V-Series clearly emerged as the leader of the pack. The Vizio offered the most balanced and accurate picture during our comparisons, and it comes with some useful extras such as Dolby Vision support, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth compatibility and variable refresh rate for potentially smoother gaming. The biggest downside of the Vizio is its smart TV platform, Vizio SmartCast. It's crowded, slow and littered with ads for platforms such as Tubi and Kidoodle TV. Even when you factor in the cost of adding a new streaming device, however, the V-Series remains the best overall entry-level TV that we tested. The prices shown below are for the 50-inch size. Sony KD-X80K series: Sony is a prominent brand and its higher-end TVs like the X90J do well in reviews, but the entry-level TV in its 2022 lineup, the X80K, didn't make the list. It costs around the same as the TCL 6-Series and Samsung Q60 TVs, and had a worse picture than both, with lighter black levels and contrast. It's definitely not a bad TV, and we liked its Google smart TV system, color accuracy and connectivity, but you can definitely do better for the money. Read our Sony KD-X80K series review. Amazon Fire TV 4-Series: One of many Fire TVs available for sale, this one is typical of the breed: so-so image quality and a smart TV system that lags behind Roku and Google TV. If you're a big fan of Alexa voice or see this TV at a really low price it might be worthwhile, but otherwise go for the TCL 4-Series. Read our best budget TVs roundup. Our TV reviews follow a rigorous, unbiased evaluation process honed over nearly two decades of TV reviews. Our primary TV test lab has specialized equipment for measuring light and color, including a Konica Minolta CS-2000 spectroradiometer, a Murideo Sig-G 4K HDR signal generator and an AVPro Connect 8x8 4K HDR distribution matrix. We use Portrait Displays CalMan Ultimate software to evaluate every TV we review. In every CNET TV review, three or more similar TVs are compared side by side in various lighting conditions playing different media, including movies, TV shows and games, across a variety of test categories, from color to video processing to gaming to HDR. Our reviews also account for design, features, smart TV performance, HDMI input and gaming compatibility and other factors. Read more: How We Test TVs. We'll post the answers to commonly asked TV questions below. If you have any others, feel free to reach out on Twitter (@dkatzmaier), or by clicking the little envelope icon on my CNET profile page. Doing so will let you send a message straight to my inbox. Prices vary widely by size and features, from less than $100 for basic 24-inch TVs to more than $2,000 for big OLED models. TVs last a long time, however, so we think it's worthwhile to spend a little extra beyond the bare minimum to get a bigger screen, better picture quality or better features. With that in mind, here's some ballpark prices that will get you a very good TV in 2023. You could pay (much) more or less. The fact is just about any TV will produce a picture decent enough to satisfy most viewers. Most complaints you read in user reviews aren't about picture quality. Instead they're about ease of use, smart TV menus or sound (or a broken TV). In our opinion bigger is better, and your money is best spent on large screen sizes rather than a slight upgrade in image quality. The answer also depends on room size and seating distance: If you have a big room and sit farther away, you'll want a bigger TV. In our reviews, OLED TVs, which use organic light-emitting diode technology, have always had better picture quality than LED TVs, which are basically LCD TVs that use LED backlights. The main reason is that OLED TVs can produce a perfectly dark shade of black with no stray illumination of blooming, which leads to better contrast and pop. LED TVs can get brighter, however, and usually cost less than OLED TVs. At CNET our favorite is Roku for its simplicity, but different systems like Google TV, Amazon Fire TV, Samsung and LG have different strengths, in particular for voice commands. In any case, we don't consider the built-in smart TV system that important because you can always connect a streaming device to any TV. Most TVs sound terrible, because their thin cabinets don't have room for decent-size speakers or bass. If you want to get good sound you should buy an external audio system. Even an inexpensive soundbar will deliver much better audio quality than a TV's built-in speakers.

While finding the best television on the market is difficult because everyone has different needs, you can easily narrow your search by looking for the best option based on your price range. High-end TVs deliver the best picture quality, but they're also expensive, so if you want something cheaper, you'll have to sacrifice some features, but most 4k TVs are good enough for most content. Choosing the best TV on the market also depends on the content you watch and where you're going to place it; if you watch a lot of 4k HDR content, you might want a top-quality TV, but if you're just watching the news on a cable box in a dim room, you can go for something cheaper. We've bought and tested more than 380 TVs, and below are our picks for the best TVs on the market. Also, make sure to check out our picks for the best smart TVs, the best gaming TVs, and the best budget TVs. Most brands will start releasing their 2023 lineups soon, so make sure to vote on which ones you want us to buy and test first. If you want to find out more about the 2023 models, check out our 2023 TV lineup page. The best TV we've tested is the Samsung S95B OLED. It's a fantastic TV with a great selection of extra features and incredible picture quality. It looks fantastic in a dark room thanks to its nearly infinite contrast ratio and perfect black uniformity, with no distracting blooming around bright areas of the screen. HDR content looks fantastic thanks to its high peak brightness and wide color gamut, and colors are incredibly vibrant and realistic. The built-in Tizen OS smart interface is easy to use and has a great selection of streaming apps and games. It's a fantastic TV for console gamers looking to get the most out of their new Xbox Series X or PS5, as it supports 4k @ 120Hz gaming on all four HDMI ports and variable refresh rate technology to reduce screen tearing. It even supports Xbox Cloud Gaming, so you can play the latest Xbox games without investing in expensive additional hardware. Even though the Samsung S95B OLED is the best choice for most users, if you're looking for the absolute best home theater experience, the Sony A95K OLED is a slightly better but more expensive choice. It's a nearly identical TV to the Samsung S95B OLED but offers better format support. It supports Dolby Vision HDR, which is more widely supported than Samsung's competing HDR10+ format, so you'll enjoy the most advanced HDR experience possible from almost any source. Sony's processing also does a better job following the content creator's intent, so the brightness and colors of HDR content look the way they were supposed to. It offers better audio format support, including DTS:X passthrough over eARC, so you can simplify your connection to your audio-video receiver by running everything through your TV without sacrificing audio quality. Like the S95B, it looks stunning in a dark room thanks to its nearly infinite contrast ratio, delivering perfect blacks with no distracting blooming around bright areas of the screen. If you want something cheaper than the Samsung S95B OLED that still delivers impressive picture quality, check out the Samsung QN90B QLED instead. It's still an excellent TV with impressive picture quality, but it's not quite as good for a perfectly dark room. It uses a Mini LED backlight instead of an OLED panel, so there's some distracting blooming around bright objects in dark scenes, unlike the Sony A95K OLED or the S95B, which have perfect contrast with no blooming. However, it has nearly identical features to the S95B, with the same great selection of gaming features, including HDMI 2.1 bandwidth. It's available in a very wide range of sizes, from a 43-inch size that's great for a bedroom or office up to a massive 85-inch model for the ultimate home theater experience. All sizes deliver the same incredible picture quality, with a wide viewing angle, deep blacks, and a wide color gamut for HDR content. It runs Samsung's Tizen OS smart interface, which has a great selection of streaming apps and is very easy to use. The best mid-range TV we've tested is the LG C2 OLED. It's a premium TV that delivers stunning picture quality, especially in dark rooms; thanks to its near-infinite contrast ratio, there's no blooming around bright objects. It looks fantastic in dark rooms, whether you're watching movies or gaming. It gets bright enough to fight glare even in moderately-lit rooms, and the reflection handling is incredible, but it doesn't use quantum dot technology, so colors aren't as bright as the Samsung S95B OLED or the Samsung QN90B QLED. It's an excellent TV for watching various content because it doesn't have issues upscaling lower-resolution content, from DVDs to native 4k content. Its built-in webOS smart system is also easy to use if you stream your favorite shows and movies. It's best suited for a dim or dark room, so if you're looking for a mid-range TV with better brightness to overcome glare, the QN90B is a great alternative. If you're looking for something cheaper and still want high-end features, the Hisense U8H is the best lower mid-range TV we've tested. It's an impressive TV with excellent reflection handling and fantastic peak brightness, so it easily overcomes glare in a bright room. It's also excellent for watching movies in a dark room. Its fantastic contrast ratio and great Mini LED local dimming feature deliver deep, uniform blacks in a dark room, with very little blooming around bright objects. It displays a wide range of colors and has fantastic out-of-the-box accuracy, so colors are accurate and lifelike no matter the content you're watching. The built-in Google TV smart interface has a huge selection of apps, and the interface is easy-to-use, so you won't have to buy an external streaming box. Blacks aren't as deep as they are on the LG C2 OLED and the Samsung S95B OLED, so it's not quite as good if dark room performance is important to you. If you're looking to spend less, the best budget TV we've tested is the TCL 5 Series/S555 2022 QLED. It delivers surprisingly great performance for the price, with superb contrast and a decent full array local dimming feature, so dark scenes look amazing in a dark room, with very little blooming around bright areas of the screen. It also has great peak brightness in SDR and decent reflection handling, so glare isn't an issue in a brighter room. It runs the Roku OS smart interface, which has a great selection of streaming channels, including many free streaming services. It's a great TV for gaming, as it has superb low input lag and variable refresh rate support for a responsive, nearly tear-free gaming experience. Unlike the Hisense U8H, it's limited to a 60Hz refresh rate, which is disappointing for new-gen gamers, but it's still great for visually-intensive games that target 4k @ 60Hz in their 'Graphics' mode. If you want something cheap that gets the job done, the Hisense A6H is the best cheap TV we've tested. It's an okay entry-level TV, and as expected for a cheap TV, it delivers just basic picture quality. Unfortunately, unlike the other TVs on this list, it's not a good choice for a dark room. It has a low contrast ratio, and by going with a cheap TV, you're losing out on advanced features like local dimming to improve the appearance of dark scenes. It also can't display a wide color gamut, so although it supports Dolby Vision HDR, this adds very little overall. Like the Hisense U6H, it runs the Google TV smart interface, which has a huge selection of streaming apps available. It makes it a great choice for an office or guest bedroom, as your guests can watch their favorite shows without you having to worry about buying an extra streaming stick. It has a wide viewing angle, which is great if you watch TV while walking around, as the image remains consistent when viewed from the sides. Mar 08, 2023:
                Verified our picks for accuracy and refreshed the text. Feb 06, 2023:
                Replaced the Hisense U6H with the TCL 5 Series/S555 2022 QLED, as it's slightly better overall for about the same price. Jan 13, 2023:
                Replaced the Insignia F50 QLED with the Hisense A6H, as the Insignia is discontinued and hard to find. Verified our picks for accuracy and refreshed the text. Dec 15, 2022:
                Added the Sony A95K OLED as the 'Best Home Theater TV'. Verified our other picks for accuracy and consistency, and refreshed the text. Dec 02, 2022:
                Verified our picks for accuracy and consistency with our other articles, and refreshed the text. Added the TCL 6 Series/R655 2022 QLED to the Notable Mentions. Our recommendations above are what we think are currently the best televisions for most people in each price range. We factor in the price (a cheaper TV wins over a pricier one if the difference isn't worth it), feedback from our visitors, and availability (no TVs that are difficult to find or almost out of stock everywhere). If you would like to do the work of choosing yourself, here is the list of all our reviews of TVs. Be careful not to get too caught up in the details. While no TV is perfect, most TVs are great enough to please almost everyone, and the differences are often not noticeable unless you really look for them.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. We’ve found the best TVs for you, with the best budget options along with 4K and 8K TVs. 1. The list in brief
2. Best OLED TV
3. Best QLED TV
4. Best QD-OLED TV
5. Best value TV
6. Best gaming TV
7. Best mid-range TV
8. Brightest OLED TV
9. Best large-screen TV
10. Best Hisense TV
11. Best Vizio TV
12. Best budget OLED
13. Best outdoor TV
14. TV lab test data
15. How to choose
16. How we test. Our list of the best TVs you can buy will help you get the set that delivers the best performance for your money. We test all the top TVs each year — both in our lab and in our living rooms — and these are the 4K TVs that we recommend. Because TV technology evolves fast, we're frequently updating this guide to keep up with the latest and greatest models, whether that's a QLED TV from Samsung, an OLED from LG or Sony, or a Mini-LED TV from the likes of Hisense or TCL. To that end, we want you to get the whole package when buying something new: great picture quality, rich sound, and all of the smart features available today, and it would be nice to save a buck or two while you're at it. So what are the best TVs available now? The LG C2 OLED is now the best TV that we've tested. Not only is it the best OLED TV thanks to an impressive display panel, but a premium design, maximum versatility and great smart TV platform hit all the high marks, too. That said, if you want the latest models, you should hold out until March or April of 2023 to make a purchase. That's when we're expecting to see new versions of many of our favorite TVs listed below arrive at retailers. Welcome! My name's Nick and I look after our guides to the best TVs, best OLED TVs and best 4K TVs. Most of my day is spent watching and evaluating new screens from LG, Samsung, Sony, Hisense, TCL and Vizio. I have 10 years of experience in AV, and before I joined Tom's Guide I was formerly the Senior Editor, TV and AV at TechRadar. I love helping people find the perfect TV, so please feel free to reach out over email or tag me on Twitter and I can help you out. Here's a quick overview of the best TVs you can buy right now based on our testing and reviews. And keep up on scrolling if you want to see our in-depth analysis of all the top TVs for every budget. This is the OLED TV you want to own. The LG C2 OLED TV is this year’s set to beat. Not only is it the best OLED TV thanks to an impressive display panel, but its premium design, great gaming features and smart TV platform hit all the high marks, too. The best QLED TV you can buy. The Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV is the premium QLED set to get. With best-in-class brightness, a clever design and every feature you need from a smart TV, the QN95B is tough to beat. The TCL 5-Series Google TV (S546) wowed us with its solid performance and great value for your dollar. The move to Google TV gives the affordable 4K smart TV a more premium smart TV platform. The first QD-OLED really shines. The Samsung S95B is the first TV to combine OLED with quantum dots, resulting in a QD-OLED TV that offers the best of both panel types: superior color, brightness, and contrast in a single package. We loved the Hisense U7H. It was able to deliver an excellent all-around image quality in its price range, plus it includes gaming-focused features like VRR, ALLM, and Dolby Vision Gaming. Gamers will be happy with this set. The best mid-range TV. The TCL 6-Series Roku TV costs under $1,000, but with superior brightness and gaming capabilities, no one who watches it will ever know. If you’re looking for one of the best TVs you can find for less, this one is an excellent place to start. Load the next 6 products... The brightest LG OLED TV. Brightness is just one of many aspects of the LG G2 OLED's performance that impressed us, with color accuracy, color gamut and lag times all faring well in our testing. And of course you get the deep blacks we've come to expect from OLED. The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV is our top pick from the Sony 2022 TV lineup. It has the HDR performance you crave on movie night, pairing the set’s high luminance and targeted backlight control with plenty of nuance and practical vibrancy. The Hisense U8H Mini-LED TV is all about bringing high-end features to a mid-level price bracket. Its peak brightness exceeds any TV around that price, and its color reproduction is as good as some of this year’s best TVs. The Vizio M-Series Quantum X brings the best of Vizio’s top-performing TV to a budget price point. It’s a solid gaming TV, but you might notice some issues with upscaling and color banding. The best budget OLED TV. The LG A2 OLED isn't as bright as the LG C2 or G2, but it offers a colorful picture and fairly strong audio along with a slick interface. The new SunBriteTV Veranda 3 stands above the competition by offering a performance that's worthy of plenty of indoor 4K TVs.  It's not cheap, but if you're after a 4K outdoor TV, look here first. ✅ Performance, meet price: There are better OLED TVs out there that are more expensive, and cheaper OLED TVs that are worse. The LG C2 OLED is the sweet spot.

✅ Great for gamers and sports fans: 120Hz native refresh rate with four HDMI 2.1 ports makes this great for both gamers and sports fans alike. This set pairs well with the PS5 and Xbox Series X.

✅ Alpha 9 Gen 5 Processor 4K: LG's top processor provides excellent upcaling of HD content to Ultra HD, along with great motion processing. ❌ You need an ATSC 3.0 Tuner: The biggest complaint we have about the LG C2 OLED is that it doesn't come with an ATSC 3.0 tuner for NextGen TV. That means no 4K HDR OTA broadcasts when they become available in your area.

❌ It's going in a room with a lot of ambient light: because it has a glass front, reflections and glare can be huge issues for the LG C2 OLED. If you buy one, make sure you have a way to mitigate the amount of ambient light in the room. 📺 The LG C2 OLED TV with OLED evo is the best OLED TV for a premium entertainment experience. Top-tier performance, plenty of port options and great gaming features all come together in a sleek package. ★★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. Best LG TVs. What you need to know
Of all the TVs to hit our test bench this year, the LG C2 OLED TV is the new standard for comparison. It has mostly everything we want to see from a premium OLED TV — the style, the performance, the smart TV platform and more are all pretty much perfect. As much as the LG G2 OLED is a spectacle of a TV, it’s a bit fussy needing professional installation and it doesn’t make as good a gaming TV. Plus it’s several hundred dollars more than the C2. That’s why the LG C2 is the OLED TV most people will want to get this year. Design: The LG C2 OLED TV is a familiar, yet stunning piece of hardware. The panel itself is impossibly thin, measuring 0.1-inch thick across the top half of the TV. The component compartment extends out on the bottom half of the back chassis, but it’s still very sleek overall. Even better is the fact that the LG C2 OLED TV has four HDMI inputs. All four of those are HDMI 2.1 supporting 4K at 120Hz, with one supporting HDMI ARC/eARC (enhanced audio return channel). If you have a Blu-Ray player, soundbar and gaming console like we do, the full array of 2.1 inputs comes in handy. Performance: The LG C2 OLED TV’s upscaling is powered by the Alpha 9 Gen 5 Processor 4K while the addition of OLED evo promises better and brighter overall picture. Now, we found evo fell short of promises when it debuted last year on the LG G1 OLED, so we went into this review with tempered expectations. But the C2 rose to the occasion in our test. Color accuracy is a highlight of the LG C2 OLED TV, with the set earning a 1.7 Delta-E score. The LG C2 also provides an impressively wide color gamut, producing 134.45% of the Rec 709 color space, surpassing the basic color standard by a significant margin. Smart TV: All LG 2022 TVs ship with webOS 22, an interface that gathers content on a whole-screen home page. The interface feels mostly the same from the other best LG TVs from last year, but with added user profiles for curating recommendations and keeping each user’s relevant content in reach. When nothing’s being watched, the LG 2022 TV Always Ready tool is an ambient mode that displays art, photos or a music player. Value for money: The LG C2 OLED TV’s price definitely makes it more premium than any of the best cheap TVs, though it’s a tick more affordable than the LG G2 OLED TV (65-inch, $2,999). Read the full review: LG C2 OLED. ✅ You want better brightness than OLED: OLED is the king of contrast, but any ambient light can wash out the picture. Samsung's QLED TVs can handle more ambient light than almost any other TV because of its high peak brightness.

✅ Eye-popping colors and clarity: Yes brightness is important to counter glare, but it's also important in color reproduction and clarity. Better brightness, brighter colors.

✅ Great for gamers: Most TVs on this list are great for gamers, but the Samsung QN95B might be one of the best for PS5 and Xbox Series X due to its low input lag. ❌ You care about Dolby Vision: Dolby Vision is, by far, the best HDR format. It's tuned to match the brightness and black levels of each individual scene, so not having it on a TV this nice is a bummer.

❌ You constantly tweak settings: Samsung's Tizen smart TV platform does a few things incredibly well, but navigating to the settings to do any minor adjustment takes longer than it should. 📺 The Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV is the premium QLED set to get. With best-in-class brightness, a clever design and every feature you need from a smart TV, the QN95B is tough to beat. ★★★★★. 1. Best QLED TVs
2. Best 65-inch TVs
3. Best HDMI 2.1 TV. What you need to know
With the Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV, Samsung once again proves why it’s the QLED TV king. Thanks to best-in-class brightness, cable management convenience and impressive performance across most content genres, the QN95B is a tough TV to beat. At a time when OLED TVs steal most of the hype, Samsung’s premium Neo QLED technology stands out in one big way: brightness. By introducing a Mini LED backlighting, the panel can achieve higher levels of brightness without sacrificing depth and gradations of luminance. Design: The Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV looks like a premium piece of equipment, complete with flush bezels and thin body that measures under 1 inch wide. It comes with a low-profile central stand that might limit the size soundbar you can place under it, but you could also hang the TV with a 400 x 300 VESA TV mount. What’s unique about the QN95B is that it uses Samsung’s One Connect box that houses the TV’s port array, including 4 HDMI 2.1 (1 supporting ARC/eARC) and 3 USB ports. The box then connects to the TV from a single cord, providing the choice to conceal unsightly cables as well as easy access to the ports. Performance: Brightness is perhaps the QN95B’s biggest strength. In Standard mode with HDR content, the QN95B reached 1905.8 nits in a 10% window in our testing. For comparison, the LG C2 OLED TV hit 800 nits in the same window. Perhaps the only anecdotal shortcoming is a slight banding and blooming effect on the dark skies when you sit approximately 45 degrees off-angle to either side. Spec-wise, no Dolby Vision support is a setback for fans of the popular format; however, the set does handle HDR10, HLG and HDR10+ formats. Smart TV: The Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV uses Samsung’s proprietary Tizen smart TV platform. We have mixed feelings about the overall ease of navigation and content exploration, but it’s similar to LG’s Web OS and the Google TV interface. The home screen displays tiles for different content and channels, which you can customize to suit your watching preferences. In terms of streaming services, you’ll find popular choices such as Netflix, Hulu and HBO Max, as well as some free streaming services including Samsung TV Plus. Read the full review: Samsung QN95B Neo QLED TV. ✅ You want a cheap TV that still looks good: For the best smart TV experience in a TV under $1,000, it's hard to deny that the TCL 5-Series Google TV (S546) is a solid contender.\

✅ You demand good image quality: This TV offers better color, brightness, and shorter lag times than the previous Roku model. Color reproduction was an impressive  99.97% of the Rec 709 color space.

✅ You want a TV that comes with Google TV: It's also snappy, offering noticeably quicker and smoother operations than other platforms, including the sometimes slow Roku TV software that many TCL smart TVs use. ❌ You sit off-axis to the TV: You want to be sitting head-on with this TV. Sit too far off to one side, and you're going to lose a significant amount of color saturation.

❌ You want great-sounding audio: The TV is only outfitted with a pair of 8-watt speakers that merely offer passable stereo sound and decent volume. You might want a good soundbar.

❌ You're a big gamer: With a refresh rate of 60Hz, this is not the best choice for hooking up a PS5 or Xbox Series X. 120Hz would be better . 📺 The TCL 5-Series Google TV (S546) improves on a value-priced favorite, adding premium smart features to an already excellent affordable TV. ★★★★. 1. The best TVs under $500
2. Best TCL TVs 
3. Best smart TVs for streaming. What you need to know
The TCL 5-Series Google TV (S546) wowed us with its combination of smart TV features, solid performance and great value for your dollar. Building on the foundation of the already-good 5-Series, the move to Google TV gives the affordable 4K smart TV a more premium smart TV platform, one that offers personalized and customizable suggestions, a huge assortment of smart features, and deep Google Assistant integration that makes it a viable center for the entire home of connected gadgets. But it also offers a step up in other aspects of the TV. As we found in our extensive testing, the 5-Series Google TV is a more polished version of the 5-Series TV when it comes to everything from color quality to lag times. And as well as delivering an excellent QLED 4K display, you also get a slick remote control, and a surprisingly wide array of gaming features for a 60Hz TV. For a smart TV that sells for under $1,000 for most size options, it's easily one of the best TVs on the market. Design: TCL's mid-range TV designs aren't going to win any prizes, but the basic black plastic construction does the job, providing a sturdy housing for a decent 4K smart TV. It may not look flashy, or be the slimmest thing on the TV aisle, but it gets the job done. The chassis includes holes for a 200 mm by 300 mm VESA bracket, meaning that it can be easily hung on the wall using any of the brackets on our list of the best TV mounts. Performance: Though some cosmetic differences from the 2020 TCL 5-Series Roku TV were a pleasant surprise, we were even more pleased to see that performance had improved across the board, with the display offering better color, brightness, and shorter lag times than the already excellent Roku model. Color accuracy was great right out of the box, with a Delta-E average of 1.3 as measured by our X-Rite spectrophotometer. Lower scores are better. Color reproduction was also impressive, with the S546 reproducing 99.97% of the Rec 709 color space. Smart TV: There's a strong case to be made that Google TV is the best smart TV operating system on the market, offering a clean, easily-navigated home screen, with useful content recommendations, easy access to live TV and the convenience of voice control through the remote's built-in mic or the TV's integrated far-field microphones. The home screen and menus of Google TV look great, improving upon the already solid experience that Android 10 provided. Read the full review: TCL 5-Series Google TV (S546). ✅ You want the best of both OLED and QLED: QD-OLED tech delivers a TV that's both bright and has near-perfect contrast.

✅ Design really matters to you: It bears repeating: the screen measures a trifle more than one-eighth inch thick. If you like that whole floating screen look, this TV has it.

✅ You want good out-of-the-box sound: The S95B never gets too loud, but music, dialogue, and sound effects sound crisp and clear. ❌ You care about Dolby Vision: Dolby Vision is, by far, the best HDR format. It's tuned to match the brightness and black levels of each individual scene, so not having it on a TV this nice is always a bummer.

❌ You constantly tweak settings: Samsung's Tizen smart TV platform does a few things incredibly well, but navigating to the settings to do any minor adjustment takes a while.

❌ You want a cheap TV: Cutting-edge technology often comes at a premium cost, and the S95B is no exception. 📺 The Samsung S95B combines Samsung’s consumer electronics know-how with the best aspects of both OLED and quantum dot technology, stumbling only slightly — but significantly — when it comes to its picture quality and its OS. 1. Best Samsung TVs
2. Best 55-inch TVs
3. Best TV brands. What you need to know
The Samsung S95B OLED 4K Smart TV signifies a big step forward for the company. It’s not just Samsung’s first OLED set, it’s also its first to combine OLED with quantum dots, resulting in a QD-OLED TV that promises the best of both technologies: superior color, brightness, and contrast in a single package. And Samsung comes tantalizingly close to conquering that mountain.

But the distance between “close” and “exact” proves to be a gulf with the S95B Series. For all the set gets right with its picture, sound, gaming performance, and even its remote control, its few minuscule missteps are amplified by a price ($2,999 MSRP) that’s just high enough to make you think twice. This may be one of the best TVs out there for certain kinds of shoppers, but overall you can do better — and cheaper. Design: OLED sets are renowned—notorious?—for having ultrathin screens, and the S95B is no exception. Along every edge, the screen measures a trifle more than one-eighth inch thick, which, combined with the barely-there bezels (measuring about one-sixteenth of an inch on the top and sides and a quarter-inch on the bottom), give the TV an unusually sleek look. The control box in the back adds about an inch and a half to the depth, but the set’s svelteness is impressive nonetheless. Performance: One of the first TVs on the market to fuse OLED and quantum dot technologies into a single set, the S95B all but promises next-generation picture quality by dint of its existence — and largely delivers. The picture on all of the movies, as well as a few TV series and YouTube videos we tried, plus our standard full-field, one-screen color screens, dazzled from anywhere in the room, as the set maintained almost its full color fidelity at even extreme angles relative to the screen. The S95B does not support Dolby Vision for HDR, but we had no complaints about any of the HDR10 video we sampled. Smart TV: The Samsung S95B uses Samsung’s proprietary Tizen smart TV platform. We have mixed feelings about the overall ease of navigation and content exploration, but it’s similar to LG’s Web OS and the Google TV interface. The home screen displays tiles for different content and channels, which you can customize to suit your watching preferences. In terms of streaming services, you’ll find popular choices such as Netflix, Hulu and HBO Max, as well as some free streaming services including Samsung TV Plus. Value for money: For $3,000, it's a bit much to ask — even given the myriad positives — considering the stiff competition out there from the likes of Sony and LG, which are nipping at Samsung’s heels with new TVs that will build on the advances from their excellent last-generation sets, the A80J and the C2 respectively. Read the full review: Samsung S95B OLED TV. ✅ You want Mini-LED without a higher sticker price: The Hisense U7H may not have the Mini LED backlighting on offer by the higher-end U8H, but it gets so close to the same level of excellent image quality.

✅ You want a cheaper 120Hz TV: Finding native 120Hz panels under $1,000 is tough, but the Hisense U7H manages to make it happen.

✅ You use Google devices and services: Google TV is smart and well-rounded, especially for those in Google’s ecosystem, and who already use services like Google Assistant. ❌ You need more HDMI ports: On the left side of the TV, you’ll find four HDMI ports. Only two of those support HDMI 2.1, and one of those is the one that supports eARC.

❌ You watch a lot of HDR content: HDR highlights aren’t going to stun as much as some more premium QLED TV options out there.

❌ Audio performance is important to you: Let’s get this out of the way. If you can afford a decent soundbar, like the Sonos Beam, it will seriously improve the listening experience of using this TV. 📺 The Hisense U7H QLED TV is able to deliver an excellent all-around image quality in its price range, and while the HDR highlights aren’t going to stun as much as some options, the U7H is a better complete package. That’s not to mention the HDMI 2.1 ports for gaming, and smart, easy-to-use Google TV operating system. ★★★★. 1. The best TVs under $1000
2. Best Google TVs
3. Best TVs with Chromecast. What you need to know
The Hisense U7H is a killer option in this price range — which is exactly what we’d expect from Hisense at this point. It doesn’t necessarily beat all the competition, like the TCL 6-Series, in all situations, but as a package deal it’s a seriously strong contender — and ultimately, worth buying. The Hisense U7H may not have Mini LED backlighting, but it does offer a QLED panel, and the ever-improving Google TV operating system. And, for the most part, it succeeds in delivering an impressive low-cost QLED TV-watching experience, but there are a few caveats to keep in mind. Design: The overall design of the Hisense U7H is nothing to write home about, but it’s still sleek and stylish enough to fit in most living rooms. Unfortunately, it doesn’t have the new legs on offer by the U8H, but the understated legs on the U7H still look decent, and can be installed in two different positions — closer to the center, or closer to the edge. The bezels on the TV are relatively slim, with the bottom being the thickest. The TV itself is relatively slim too, though of course thicker towards the bottom. On a TV stand or mounted to the wall, it will look thin and stylish. Performance: The Hisense U7H may not have the Mini-LED backlighting on offer by the higher-end Hisense U8H and Samsung QN95B, but it gets so close to the same level of excellent image quality, that without a side-by-side test, it can be hard to tell. The TV is being billed excellent for gaming. The fact that it has two HDMI 2.1 ports seems to confirm this, however note that it isn’t the lowest when it comes to input lag. Generally, it’s considered that a TV with less than 15ms of input lag is good enough for the majority of gaming situations, and the Hisense U7H just breezed under that at 14.6ms. Other gaming-focused features include VRR, ALLM, and Dolby Vision Gaming. Gamers will be happy with what’s on offer here. The TV excels at controlling its backlighting in a way that ensures you’ll never experience blooming to a level of being distracting. That’s all despite offering a great level of brightness, both in day-to-day viewing and in our lab testing. Smart TV: There's a strong case to be made that Google TV is the best smart TV operating system on the market, offering a clean, easily-navigated home screen, with useful content recommendations, easy access to live TV and the convenience of voice control through the remote's built-in mic or the TV's integrated far-field microphones. The home screen and menus of Google TV look great, improving upon the already solid experience that Android 10 provided. Read the full review: Hisense U7H QLED TV. ✅ You watch a lot of 4K HDR content: This TV offers outstanding color and brightness thanks to the use of mini LED and QLED technologies and up to 448 Contrast Control Zones.

✅ You plan on using it for PC gaming: VRR is available up to 144Hz on two of the HDMI ports, so the display is always in sync with the game. There’s also support for AMD FreeSync Premium Pro to reduce screen tearing even when playing HDR-enabled titles. 

✅ You want an affordable 85-inch TV: At just under $2,000 for an 85-inch screen, the TCL 6-Series offers big-screen thrills at a budget-friendly price. ❌ You like to switch between picture modes: The main mode you’ll need and want is Normal. In it, colors pop attractively and balance well with blacks in nearly all situations. Much of that on-point vibrancy disappears in other modes, however.

❌ Out-of-the-box audio is important to you: If you’re not too picky, and if you stick mostly around lower volume levels, the set’s sound is accessible. Turn up the volume too much, and that will cease to be the case. 📺 The TCL 6-Series Roku TV (65R655) costs less than $1,000, but with superior brightness and gaming capabilities, no one who watches it will ever know. ★★★★. 1. Best Roku TVs
2. Best smart TVs for streaming
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
TCL has long been acclaimed for bringing a lot of performance to TVs that don’t cost a lot of money. That trend continues with its latest 6-Series Roku TV, the 65R655, which amps up key aspects of its performance—particularly brightness and gaming potential—while keeping the price affordable. Throw in the super-easy-to-use Roku TV interface and you have a set that more than delivers on its picture promise without busting your budget. You will have to make a couple of sacrifices to take full advantage of the good deal the 65R655 offers, a set this simple won’t appeal to everyone, and there aren’t a ton of innovations when compared with earlier 6-Series sets. But in what it does offer over its predecessors and competitors, the 65R655 offers a compelling amount of TV while minimizing most of the compromises. If you’re looking for one of the best TVs you can find for less than $1,000, this one is an excellent place to start. Design: Though the 65R655 is not a bad-looking TV, it’s not exactly sleek. Measuring 2.7 inches at its thickest point, it will jut out noticeably from the wall if you choose to mount it using the 300x300mm VESA holes that are the black, ridged rear panel’s most prominent feature. The thinner part of the screen measures about 1.2 inches by itself, and the whole thing is framed by a brushed-metal strip surrounding the screen. The bezels it creates are themselves quite slim: less than one-eighth inch on the left, right, and top, and just under a half-inch on the bottom (to allow for the TCL and Roku TV logos). The IR receiver and the status light and front and center below that. Performance: TCL promises outstanding color and brightness from its new 6-Series TVs, thanks to the use of mini LED and QLED technologies and the presence of so-called “Contrast Control Zones” (aka dimming zones). With many sets, the picture mode you choose is essential to your watching experience, but that’s unusually true with the 65R655. There are five picture modes for SDR content and more for HDR (depending on the technology you’re using), but regardless of which dynamic range you’re playing in, the main mode you’ll need and want is Normal. Smart TV: Although it may not be as powerful, extensible, or attractive as other smart interfaces on the market, Roku TV wins points for simplicity. The home screen is divided into two zones: The left third is devoted to a scrolling menu that provides you a number of options for either surfacing or searching for content or configuring the TV itself, and the right two-thirds expands on your choice to provide additional interaction possibilities. Read the full review: TCL 6-Series Roku TV (65R655). ✅ You want a TV to blend seamlessly into the wall: The G2 OLED TV’s one-inch-deep body holds everything the TV needs, so you won’t find a rear protruding component box like you might on other OLED TVs.

✅ You want a brighter picture than what the C1/C2 offer: We first saw this set side-by-side with the LG C1 OLED and this year’s LG C2 OLED, and the brightness (and brightness control) is unparalleled for an LG OLED. 

✅ You want good out-of-the-box sound: The LG G2 OLED TV audio performance is among the most impressive we’ve seen (or rather heard) for an OLED TV. ❌ You don't have a large wall to hang it on: The LG G2 isn’t meant to sit on a stand. Instead, it’s designed to be mounted with the company’s proprietary bracket, which comes in the box. 

❌ You don't want to have a custom installer over: It's not mandatory, but LG recommends professional installation with a recessed AV box for the full Gallery Series effect.

❌ You don't want to overspend on an OLED: We will say the price makes this a splurge purchase, so it might be difficult to ultimately recommend the G2 over the more affordable LG C2 OLED that offers similar performance. 📺 The LG G2 OLED TV is the brand’s brightest OLED TV yet, positioning OLED evo as the ultimate QD-OLED rival. Plenty of AI-powered features and the Gallery Series design also make for an elevated watching experience. ★★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
The LG G2 OLED TV is the brightest LG OLED TV ever, and we have the test results to prove it. OLED TVs typically suffer on this front compared to the best QLED TVs, but no more. The change from last year’s LG G1 TV is stark, with the second-generation OLED evo panel featuring a dedicated heat-dissipation system that lets the picture get much brighter without causing the dreaded OLED burn-in. There’s more to this TV than just brightness, though: an updated Gallery Series design, new webOS version and high-scoring performance across the board makes this one of the best TVs on the market this year. However, the premium features come at a premium price; this is LG’s most expensive 4K OLED TV of the year, with a $2,999 ticket on the 65-inch configuration. Design: As the name may suggest, LG’s Gallery Series TVs prioritize design. The set is wrapped by a minimalistic silver frame with subtle texture, but it doesn’t curl over the screen, instead maintaining a bezel-less appearance. The G2 OLED TV’s one-inch-deep body holds everything the TV needs, so you won’t find a rear protruding component box like you might on other OLED TVs. The uniform chassis also features a recessed mount and input panels on the back. Performance: We first saw this set side-by-side with the LG C1 OLED and this year’s LG C2 OLED, and the brightness (and brightness control) is unparalleled for an LG OLED. This is the first time in a few years we can say the Gallery Series performance has an undeniable advantage over the C series. Color accuracy is another highlight of the G2 OLED TV. It earned a Delta-E score of 1.30. Any result of 2.0 or less is good, with lower scores being more accurate. Lastly, when it comes to lag times, the Gallery Series remains a top option for gaming thanks to its auto low latency mode. It measured a lag time of just 13.1 milliseconds. Smart TV: All LG 2022 TVs ship with webOS 22, an interface that gathers content on a whole-screen home page. The interface feels mostly the same from the other best LG TVs from last year, but with added user profiles for curating recommendations and keeping each user’s relevant content in reach. Thanks to a new NFC control, using LG ThinQ app’s Magic Tap function you can tap your smartphone to the TV remote to switch profiles. Magic Tap lets you easily mirror content from your smartphone to the LG G2 TV, too. Read the full review: LG G2 OLED TV. ✅ You want exceptional realism and punchy HDR: If over-saturated images irritate you, you're going to love the Sony X95K's natural-looking images. They're more subdued, but we'll take realism over over-saturated images any day.

✅ You care about good motion handling: Action movies give plenty of opportunities for artifacting or over-processing action, but whether it was a helicopter or motorcycle or car chase, the Sony X95K handled it with aplomb.

✅ You want better-sounding audio: The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV audio performance is more capable than you might expect. It has 60W total sound output, including two tweeters, two front-firing speakers and two subwoofers. As a result, the set gets plenty loud while establishing a full-bodied soundscape. ❌ You need more than two HDMI 2.1 ports: It would be nice if all four HDMI ports were 2.1 for making the most of performance abilities for multiple peripherals. If you have a Blu-Ray player, soundbar and gaming console like we do, you’ll want at least 3 HDMI 2.1 inputs.

❌ You sit off-axis to the TV: You want to be sitting head-on with this TV. Sit too far off to one side, and you're going to lose a significant amount of color saturation. 📺 The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV offers great HDR performance, good looks and the reliable Google TV interface. While we noticed some blooming and wish it had a full collection of HDMI 2.1 inputs, the X95K is one of the brand’s best 4K TVs of the year. ★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV, which is the brand’s first set powered by Mini LED backlighting, looks to keep up with the best 4K TVs of the year from LG and Samsung. It has the kind of HDR performance you crave on movie night, pairing the set’s high luminance and targeted backlight control with plenty of nuance and practical vibrancy. Sony packages it up in a sleek build, complete with multiple stand configurations and a great remote. Despite entering a bit later into the Mini LED competition, the X95K hits most of the marks we want from a 4K HDR TV. We say most, however, because viewing angles are rather narrow and the port options may seem limiting for a set that starts at $2,799 for the 65-inch configuration. But if you’re looking for a premium-feeling piece of equipment with Google TV, this massive Mini-LED TV is a good place to start. Design: The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV's design oozes finesse. It features thoughtful details that assist both with setup and general appearance. We’re fans of the titanium silver bezel, which wraps the sides of the screen but doesn’t infringe on the panel, maintaining a bezel-less look. It’s also worth appreciating the checkerboard pattern on the back. Still, it would be nice if all four HDMI ports were 2.1 for making the most of performance abilities for multiple peripherals, as the LG G2 and Samsung QN95B both support. Performance: Sony’s Cognitive Processor XR works in tandem with the XR Backlight Master Drive to deliver controlled, yet well-rounded HDR performance. In out-of-the-box standard mode, the Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV covered 99.89% of the Rec 709 color space, which is a nearly perfect reach to the average viewer with an LED TV. The X95K’s best Delta E score came in at an excellent 1.88 in Filmmaker Mode, which isn’t surprising as Sony has long emphasized preserving the filmmaker’s intent in picture processing. Pretty on-brand for a TV manufacturer that’s also a movie studio. Smart TV: The Sony Bravia X95K Mini LED TV user experience is powered by Google TV. Google TV, first found in the best streaming devices from Google, has fully replaced Android TV as Sony’s TV OS. And we’re a fan; Google TV is easy to customize and control using your Google account, while the platform serves up content recommendations based on your suspected interests. You can also connect multiple accounts to the TV, as well as parental control profiles, meaning everyone in the family can be closer to the things they want to watch. Read the full review: Sony Bravia X95K Mini-LED TV. ✅ You want a Mini-LED TV for its performance: Its peak brightness exceeds any TV around that price, and its color reproduction is as good as some of this year’s best TVs. 

✅ You use Google devices and services: Google TV is smart and well-rounded, especially for those in Google’s ecosystem, and who already use services like Google Assistant.

✅ You want a TV with good sound: Audio performance is a lot like the HDR performance — it’s great. The U8H has two 10W speakers and a 20W woofer that handles dialogue and dynamic audio with aplomb. ❌ You watch a lot of SD movies and sports: Hisense’s upscaling and motion processing skills aren’t on par with that of LG, Samsung or Sony’s, which means some scenes you’re going to notice poor motion smoothing and color banding.

❌ You want a really thin TV to wall-mount: Unlike OLED TVs, the back of the Hisense U8H isn’t slim. From front to back you’re looking at a depth of around 3 inches. That’s not unreasonable — but it’s certainly going to hang out a bit if you want to wall-mount it.

❌ You notice color banding:  One issue we noticed was some noticeable color banding, where in sunsets you could see a distinct cut off point between the end of one hue and the start or another rather than one flowing mural. 📺 The Hisense U8H ULED harnesses the power of Mini-LED to produce bright, vivid pictures. All content doesn’t get the glow-up, however, and you might notice some issues with upscaling and color banding. That said, this is still a good value for the price. ★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
The Hisense U8H Mini-LED TV is all about bringing high-end features to a mid-level price bracket. To wit, it’s packing a light sensor for Dolby Vision IQ that can raise or lower the brightness to match the ambient light in the room and a Mini-LED panel that has up to 528 local dimming zones. Its peak brightness exceeds any TV around that price, and its color reproduction is as good as some of this year’s best TVs. Not only does it have some smart-looking specs under its belt, it has some killer additional features — there’s two HDMI 2.1 ports that support 4K@120Hz and on-board Google TV 11 with Chromecast Built-in. Around back you’ll find a hefty sound system that delivers bass in spades, though it could be a bit stronger in the mid-range. The bad news? As powerful as a TV as this is, Hisense’s upscaling and motion processing skills aren’t on par with that of LG, Samsung or Sony’s, which means some scenes you’re going to notice poor motion smoothing and color banding. If those terms don’t mean much to you, these issues won’t ruin your experience — but videophiles might notice them and they can turn an otherwise positive experience into a sub-par one. Design: While the Hisense U8H may not have the flattest profile or cutting-edge design, it does a good job of keeping bezels to a minimum. There’s a long, noticeable silver bar along the bottom that you’ll find the Hisense insignia, but the rest of the edges are all screen. The Hisense U8H uses standard VESA 400 x 400mm brackets so mounting it shouldn’t be a difficult job, but inside the box you’ll also find two legs if you’d rather put it on a table. Performance: In terms of performance, the Hisense U8H is a roller coaster, with some of the best performance we’ve ever seen from a ULED TV in terms of brightness, contrast and color saturation, but extremely lackluster when it comes to motion processing and upscaling. This is backed up by our testing. Using an X-Rite i1 Pro spectrophotometer, a SpectraCal VideoForge Pro pattern generator and Portrait Displays’ Calman calibration software, we measured an incredible 1,300 nits in a 10% window right out of the box in Standard mode with 99.6% of the Rec.709 color gamut covered. That’s significantly higher than most LED-LCD TVs you’re going to see out there, minus one or two of Sony’s top models. The problem here is when you put these numbers against real-world content, especially content that isn’t native 4K HDR. Everything from YouTube videos to HD Netflix streams just don’t pop the way they do on other TVs with the same specs and performance data. Smart TV: On-board the U8H is Google TV, the successor to Android TV — and arguably one of the better smart TV platforms on the market right now. What we like most about Google TV is its ability to surface content that you might like from any number of streaming services. Like Roku, Google TV is fairly agnostic — it doesn’t really care which streaming services you use and won’t refer you to one more than any others. Read the full review: Hisense U8H Mini-LED TV. ✅ You want an affordable TV with mostly great performance: We ultimately found that the Vizio M-Series Quantum X brings the best of Vizio’s top-performing TV to a budget price point… with a few compromises. 

✅ You want a TV that doubles as a 240Hz gaming monitor: With 13.2ms of lag in game mode, the TV is well-under the 20ms we typically recommend for fast, responsive gameplay. If you have a gaming PC up to the task, you can even take things one step further by playing games at 1080p /240Hz. 

✅ You still watch a lot of SD cable TV: In Bright SDR mode, basically what you’d see out of the box if you didn’t change any of the other settings besides the picture mode, you’ll get around 500 nits of peak brightness. That’s perfect for your basic cable TV. ❌ The 50-inch model isn't as bright as the 55- or 65-inch models: There’s a fundamental difference in light output between the 50-inch version and the larger 65- and 75-inch variations that offer almost double the peak brightness.

❌ You want good out-of-the-box audio: The M-Series Quantum X’s audio isn’t anything to write home about — its two 10W speakers do create a wide soundstage, but they lack clarity when you use the DTS Virtual: X audio mode.

❌ You want a slim TV to mount on a wall: It’s easy to love the incredibly thin bezel on the front of the TV and the solid metal strip along the bottom, but it’s a bit chunky compared to similarly sized TVs. 📺 The 50-inch Vizio M-Series Quantum X brings the best of Vizio’s top-performing TV to a budget price point…with a few compromises. It’s a solid gaming TV for PS5 and Xbox Series X with one HDMI port that supports 4K at 120Hz and has a low lag time, but home cinema lovers might be let down by its limited brightness and chunky design. ★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
In creating the Vizio M-Series Quantum X, Vizio was attempting to bring much of the same technology found in its popular — but expensive — Vizio P-Series Quantum X to a more affordable screen. By working in quantum dots with full array local dimming, a 120Hz native refresh rate and HDMI ports with the latest spec, the M-Series Quantum X checks all the boxes. That said, its bulky body and less-than-ideal peak brightness hold it back from beating other top-performing TVs at this price range. But where does it stand against the competition? Similarly priced screens will be missing many of the M-Series Quantum X’s key gaming features: a native 120Hz refresh rate with HDMI 2.1 ports and support for Dolby Vision Gaming. On the flip side, though, other screens from TCL that cost around the same do have a bit better HDR performance and less bulky design, so there are trade-offs to be made here. Ultimately you’ll want the M-Series Quantum X if you’re looking for great gaming performance on a budget and a decent smart platform, and you don’t mind the bulkiness of the screen or the lackluster peak brightness. Design: The Vizio M-Series Quantum X takes two steps forwards and one step back in the design department. It’s easy to love the incredibly thin bezel on the front of the TV and the solid metal strip along the bottom, but it’s a bit chunky compared to similarly sized TVs. The true saving grace for the TV’s design, however, is the integration of HDMI 2.1 ports with one that can hit 4K/120Hz gaming and up to 240Hz when paired with a PC. That said, the 240Hz mode is limited to the 50-inch model. If you choose something bigger, you’ll lose out there. One port with 4K/120Hz support is better than none, but we wish there were more ports with that spec. Performance: The design might be a bit of a letdown, but the performance is every bit of what we’d expect from a mid-range 4K HDR TV and then some. In Bright SDR mode, basically what you’d see out of the box if you didn’t change any of the other settings besides the picture mode, you’ll get around 500 nits of peak brightness. That’s perfect for your basic cable TV. Upscaling is decent thanks to Vizio’s IQ Ultra+ Processor and motion really wasn’t an issue. As far as gaming performance goes, the Vizio M-Series Quantum X performs as good or better than some of the best TVs this year. With 13.2ms of lag in game mode, the TV is well-under the 20ms we typically recommend for fast, responsive gameplay and with support for Dolby Vision, certain games in your collection are going to look brighter and more colorful than you’ve ever seen them. Smart TV: When it's cooperating, Vizio’s SmartCast holds its own as one of the better — if not quite the best — smart TV platform. One of the reasons for that is because SmartCast has an interesting — and useful — layout. On the very top is a row of categories that include recommended movies and shows as well as free content (always with ads)  and Live TV provided by Vizio’s WatchFree+ service. Below that top row are the curated shows and movies, a recommended row of content and then, finally, a fixed number of apps in the center row that can be re-arranged depending on your preference. It’s clean and efficient. Read the full review: Vizio M-Series Quantum X. ✅ You still watch a lot of cable TV: Upscaling from 1080p also looked good, with nearly no visible details lost in Mission: Impossible—Fallout at standard viewing distances.

✅ You have the TV mounted above where you sit: Color uniformity remained consistently sumptuous even at wide angles (though it’s only possible—or advisable—to crowd so many people around a 48-inch set anyway). 

✅ You want an affordable OLED TV: The 48-inch set is a Best Buy exclusive in the U.S. and was available ahead of Black Friday 2022 for $569.99—an astonishing deal that may not leave you missing the extra inches of screen space you might otherwise pay another few hundred dollars for. ❌ You want a 120Hz OLED TV: Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris.

❌ You want HDMI 2.1 ports for game consoles: The lack of HDMI 2.1 ports (which would allow for features such as Variable Refresh Rate, or VRR)  hobble the A2’s gaming potential, and those features—which are now commonly found on even less expensive sets—are indeed missed here.

❌ You want a bright OLED TV: Where the A2 lapses is with brightness. OLED sets tend to look darker overall, but the A2 couldn’t get as bright as the other LG sets at displaying SDR content. 📺 The LG A2 OLED is far from the brightest set out there, but it offers a wonderfully colorful picture and fairly strong audio along with a slick and intuitive interface. Just try to buy the A2 when it’s on sale. ★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
No matter their price range, OLED TVs promise near-perfect black levels and exquisite colors, and that's exactly what you're getting with the LG A2 OLED. To wit, the LG A2 OLED offers a decently sized OLED panel with top-notch color, surprisingly good sound, and low input lag. Its smart platform, webOS, is a clean, well-organized interface for navigating the TV and accessing its features and despite it being paired by only 20-watt, downward-firing speakers, there’s no lack of clarity even in hectic scenes where dialogue, action sounds, and music are all blazing at once. Admittedly, you won’t get everything with the A2 that you will with pricier and tonier LG TVs. You’ll have to settle for a lower refresh rate, an older HDMI standard, and lower brightness. But considering that it wasn’t that long ago that OLEDs were unthinkable at the sub-$1,300 price point — to say nothing of the sub-$1,000 price point at which the smallest model can currently be found — those features might be small prices to pay if all you can pay is a small price. Design: The A2 is sufficiently attractive, if unassuming in its design, befitting its status as a lower-tier offering. Like most OLED TVs, its screen is thin (in this case, a hair more than a quarter inch at its thinnest point) and its bezel around every edge is thinner (barely an eighth inch), leaving plenty of uninterrupted viewing space. But aside from a light, gray texture on the screen portion, the rear panel is unremarkable: The words “LG OLED” are emblazoned on the flat, black control box, just above the 300x200mm VESA mounting holes, and that’s it. Even the stand is bland: a two-piece foot design with sharp, rectangular corners, not at all like the more elegant, swooping, central stand of the C2. Performance: No matter their price range, OLED TVs promise near-perfect black levels and exquisite colors. Where the A2 lapses, however, is with brightness. OLED sets tend to look darker overall, but the A2 couldn’t get as bright as the other LG sets at displaying SDR content. When the colors are the chief focus, it’s hard not to flip for the results: The Colombian-set Disney animated film Encanto, for example, was awash with luscious South American hues. Upscaling from 1080p also looked good, with nearly no visible details lost in Mission: Impossible—Fallout at standard viewing distances. Smart TV: All LG 2022 TVs ship with webOS 22, an interface that gathers content on a whole-screen home page. The interface feels mostly the same from the other best LG TVs from last year, but with added user profiles for curating recommendations and keeping each user’s relevant content in reach. Read the full review: LG A2 OLED. ✅ You want an outdoor TV that doesn't blow up your bank account: Outdoor TVs are all pricey, as you’d expect, though the Veranda 3 line remains the least expensive of the four models SunBriteTV currently offers.

✅ You want a TV that can handle the elements: Rated IP55, for extensive (if not total) protection against dust, solid objects, and water, and safe to use at temperatures ranging from -24 to 104 degrees Fahrenheit, it's made to stand up to the toughest weather.

✅ You want to do some gaming outside: One area in which the Veranda 3 shockingly excels is gaming. The Veranda 3 supports all current-gen consoles' technologies, including 4K at 120Hz and HDR10 and Dolby Vision HDR. ❌ You're buying it for a big crowd: Watching the Veranda 3 is best done from straight on. Slight color shifting is visible in the best of situations, but moving just a little off-center here results in significant color distortion.

❌ You're putting it in a particularly bright spot on your porch: If your ideal TV location is more sun-drenched, either of SunBriteTV’s higher-end lines will suit you better.

❌ You don't want to wall-mount an outdoor TV: Unlike with its earlier sets, SunBriteTV does not sell stands for this model, and the TV’s instructions coolly state that use of one is not recommended. 💻 The SunBriteTV Veranda 3 is aimed at a relatively narrow slice of the market: people who want an outdoor TV and live somewhere they can install the required mounting equipment. If that’s you, there’s not a lot bad to say about it. The addition of Android TV was all that was needed to make a fine set a good one for today, but amping up the picture quality and dumping the ancient, soul-stealing remote are almost as noteworthy. ★★★★. 1. The best 4K TVs
2. The best OLED TVs
3. The best gaming TVs. What you need to know
The new SunBriteTV Veranda 3 didn’t need to do much to build on the line’s concrete foundation, as the previous model already had impressive-for-the-category 4K HDR picture and sound quality to accompany its sturdy construction aimed at outdoor use (in the shade). But in addition to adding smart features by way of Android TV, it also gained an even better display and good, caveat-free remote control as part of the bargain. These improvements do not come cheap. Veranda 3 models start just shy of $2,900, which is hundreds of dollars more than the other Verandas. Is it worth it? If you want one of the best outdoor TVs you can buy… then, yeah, it is. It’s worth celebrating — and maybe even laying down the cash — when a good thing gets even better. Provided you have a place to put it, of course. Design: Like its predecessor, the SunBrite SB-V-55, the SunBriteTV Veranda 3 Outdoor TV is designed to be used outdoors, but in full-shade environments such as patios, porches, and sunrooms. Because of this, it looks a bit more like a conventional TV than the SunBriteTV Pro 2 series, which was ready for watching in the full sun and primed for any weather conditions thanks to the sheet of tempered glass over the screen. On the Veranda 3, the screen is exposed, but that doesn’t mean the rest of the TV isn’t seriously sealed up. Rated IP55, for extensive (if not total) protection against dust, solid objects, and water, and safe to use at temperatures ranging from -24 to 104 degrees Fahrenheit, it has a cabinet of thick, black aluminum, with the front and back panels bolted together and its ports safely sealed behind a rear door that opens by way of three thumb screws. Performance: Thanks to its use of quantum dot technology, the Veranda 3 delivers better color reproduction, displaying as much as 99.82% of the sRGB gamut, compared with the previous Veranda’s 98.61% — again, in line with expectations of good TVs, not merely good outdoor TVs. Watching the Veranda 3 is best done from straight on, however. Slight color shifting is visible in the best of situations, but moving just a little off-center here results in significant color distortion. A full-screen violet test pattern looked practically pink before it even got to the corner, and other colors similarly lost their fidelity; skin tones in every movie we sampled grayed out, too. To the greatest extent possible, you may also want to stay on the same level as the screen, as the same effects manifested themselves when looking even slightly up at it. Smart TV: For its inaugural foray into the world of smart TVs, SunBriteTV equipped the Veranda 3 with the trusty choice of Android TV. Though this is the older version of the operating system now known as Google TV, and that newer incarnation is both smoother to use and more feature-rich, Android TV still satisfies with its abundant functionality, ease of use, and some of the clearest and cleanest menus you’ll find in the TV market. Navigation is slick when using the new remote, and the menus moved and changed zippily; or you can perform searches and other tasks by holding the Google Assistant button on the remote (after pairing it via Bluetooth) and speaking into it. Signing in to your Google Account allows you to sync recommendations across all your Google apps and devices, but you don’t have to do this if you don’t want to. Read the full review: SunBriteTV Veranda 3 Outdoor TV. When testing TVs we use an X-Rite i1 Pro spectrophotometer, a SpectraCal VideoForge Pro pattern generator and Portrait Displays’ Calman calibration software. While the above list can tell which TV is the best based on empirical data, that TV might not be right for you because of the screen size, the screen brightness, the sound output, the resolution and/or the supported HDR formats. You might want a 50-inch TV that's ultra-bright to compensate for the amount of ambient light in the room, which means an OLED TV might not work for you. We have extensive shopping advice, like our TV buying guide and figuring out what size TV you should buy. And if you still have questions about smart TV features and capabilities, check out Smart TVs: Everything you need to know. Need a quick tutorial on TV technology? Here's a short primer. Screen sizes: This is probably the best place to start when buying a TV. If you plan on wall-mounting the TV, measure the dimensions of the wall space you want to fill. Having the length, width and diagonal measurement will quickly and easily eliminate 80% of the TVs on the market. If you plan on putting it in a cabinet or on a stand, measure the width of where the TV will sit, and use that to start shopping. Brightness: The common wisdom for buying a TV is that, the brighter the room is, the brighter of a TV you'll want to buy. Why? Well, ambient light can wash out color saturation or, worse, lead to glare on the screen. Ultimately the amount of glare will depend on what type of TV you buy (OLED TVs with a glass screen are more reflective than, say, QLED TVs with an anti-glare screen), but a good rule of thumb is that OLED TVs are usually better in light-controlled rooms while bright LED-LCD TVs work better in brighter rooms with more ambient light. Refresh Rate: If you've ever looked at a TV box, you'll probably see some weird marketing terms like Motion Rate 240 or 480, or something ridiculous. These don't mean anything. Well, they do, sort of - but it's purposely obfuscated. All TVs available right now have one of two native panel refresh rates: 60Hz or 120Hz. These numbers tell you how quickly a TV scans and replaces each pixel in a second. 60Hz is 60 times in one second. 120Hz is 120 times in one second.  You want a higher number if you want smoother motion (i.e. you plan on watching sports or playing games). Ports: We generally recommend opting for more ports, so that you never have to manually unplug and re-plug HDMI cables to switch from your streaming device or Blu-ray player to your game console or other device. Three ports is common, but nicer TVs usually have 4 HDMI ports. You'll also want make sure at least one is HDMI 2.1; our guide to the best HDMI 2.1 TVs can help here. (Still confused? Check out TV ports explained: What all those HDMI, USB and other connections are for?). Smart software: Almost all TVs are smart TVs these days. That means they come stocked with some sort of smart platform, whether it's Roku TV, Google TV, WebOS, Tizen or something else. Each one has its own strengths and weaknesses, so be sure to familiarize yourself with them before you buy. Some of the TVs are among the best Alexa compatible devices and best Google Home compatible devices you can own, so pay attention to which smart home platform the sets offer before choosing. Price: Lastly, you'll need to factor price into the equation. For the most part, unfortunately, better TVs do cost more. Just like PCs, TVs that are more expensive come with better specs and more features, so typically paying less for a TV means making some sort of sacrifice. The good news? You can find smaller 4K TVs (42-, 43- and 50-inch TVs) that sell for less than $500, which will spare you some cash for some of the best soundbars or best streaming devices to go with your set. However, you'll want to pay more for features like HDR support and a decent number of HDMI ports. Generally speaking, premium 4K TVs can sell for thousands of dollars, but we find that the sweet spot for superior performance and value is right around the $2,000 mark. 8K TVs, on the other hand, run from pricey to mortgage-your-house levels of expensive, with new smaller models selling for as little as $2,000, but can cost upwards of tens of thousands. Why you can trust Tom's Guide? 


Our writers and editors spend hours analyzing and reviewing products, services, and apps to help find what's best for you. Find out more about how we test, analyze, and rate. Evaluating TVs is about more than just kicking back to watch a movie. We lab test every TV, measuring color gamut, color accuracy and brightness to objectively see which sets are the best for these key indicators. We also test for lag time – a key detail for gaming – measuring to the millisecond how long it takes for content to travel from the original source to the screen. We use these results to make numbers-based comparisons about color and display quality. We also spend time with each set for real-world evaluation and see how our lab results translate into more subjective performance. We also compare sets side by side and view samples from the latest movies, specialized test patterns that highlight strengths and weaknesses of each display, and a range of content across several sources. With that information, we can tell you which TVs look best, sound best and offer the best viewing experience. Finally, we evaluate the smart TV functions and apps for each TV, looking at everything from the remote control design to the voice interaction. We put all of that data together with our real-world testing and stack it against the price of the TV. The result is a score that we feel best represents the totality of that model, and how well it stands up against its contemporary rivals. A TV that scored highly five years ago may not score as highly against a newer model, but we do our best to update reviews when newer models become available. Get a broader view of everything the best TV brands have to offer by checking out the full roster of 4K and 8K TVs from every major manufacturer. If you've narrowed down your TV shopping by brand, price range or screen size, check out our picks for the best TVs in each. Best 4K TVs | Best smart TVs for streaming | Best TVs for gaming. The best TVs under $1000 | The best TVs under $500. Best TV brands | Best Samsung TVs | Best TCL TVs | Best LG TVs | Best Roku TVs | Best Google TVs | Best OLED TVs | Best QLED TVs | Best 8K TVs | Best HDMI 2.1 TV | Best TVs with ATSC 3.0 | Best TVs with Chromecast. The smallest smart TVs | Best 43-inch TVs | Best 50-inch TVs | Best 55-inch TVs | Best 65-inch TVs | Best 70-inch TVs | Best 75-inch TVs | Best 85-inch TVs. And don't forget to watch out for the latest TV reviews. Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. Nick Pino heads up the TV and AV verticals at Tom's Guide and covers everything from OLED TVs to the latest wireless headphones. He was formerly the Senior Editor, TV and AV at TechRadar (Tom's Guide's sister site) and has previously written for GamesRadar, Official Xbox Magazine, PC Gamer and other outlets over the last decade. Not sure which TV you should buy? Drop him an email or tweet him on Twitter and he can help you out. Thank you for signing up to Tom's Guide. You will receive a verification email shortly. There was a problem. Please refresh the page and try again. Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. Tom's Guide is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.

By  Monica Chin / @mcsquared96. If you buy something from a Verge link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement. The best laptop of 2023 can come with a variety of brands, prices, and features. Whether you’re looking for a business notebook, a Chromebook, a 2-in-1 convertible, or something else entirely, our recommendations below should have you covered. Our current pick for the best laptop of 2023 is the MacBook Air. It’s a device that does just about everything right. While it’s certainly not perfect, there are no major flaws. It’s a great pick for productivity, browsing, and even light gaming. It's getting harder to buy a bad laptop, but what separates the best laptops from good laptops is how they balance power, efficiency, portability, and comfort. The top laptop should have a fantastic keyboard and trackpad — after all, those are the two biggest reasons you'd choose a laptop over a smartphone or tablet. Its display should be easy on the eyes, bright, and sharp enough that you aren't distracted by jagged edges and visible pixels. It should be powerful enough for most anything short of intensive video editing and advanced gaming. It should be easy to carry around from place to place, and it should be able to last all day without needing to be plugged in. Our other picks for the best laptops, Chromebooks, and 2-in-1s include the Asus ROG Zephyrus G15, the MacBook Pro 16, and the HP Spectre x360 14. Check out the full list of best laptop picks below or our roundup of the best gaming laptops, if you’re looking for a powerful machine that doesn’t sacrifice portability. The latest MacBook Air, powered by Apple’s M2 processor, is the best laptop for most people. The base model, which includes 8GB of memory, 256GB of storage, an 8-core CPU, and an 8-core GPU, starts at $1,199. A model with 512GB of storage, which is what we recommend for most people and will let you keep using the laptop for longer, costs $1,399. The Air has lost the wedge-shape design that was its calling card for years but retains many of the other excellent features of years past, including MagSafe charging, Touch ID, and the scissor-switch keyboard, and adds a new 1080p webcam and two new color options. The M2 processor inside isn’t as fast or powerful as the M1 Pro or M1 Max you get in the larger (and more expensive) MacBook Pro models, but it’s still mighty fast. In our testing, it was able to handle intense office workloads with little to no heat or slowdown. Given how thin and light this device is, it delivers a combination of power and portability that you’ll be hard-pressed to find in many other machines out there. The M2 Air didn’t give us quite as much battery life as the 16-inch M1 Pro MacBook did in our rundown testing, but we would still expect it to last most people a full day of continuous use. Apple is continuing to sell the M1 MacBook Air, which was released in 2020. If the M2 MacBook Air is out of your price range, we recommend that you consider the M1 model, which is listed further down. Read our MacBook Air review. The M2 MacBook Air is a thin and light device powered by Apple’s latest stellar processor. The 16-inch MacBook Pro is an expensive laptop, but now that the 2023 model is out, we expect that shoppers will be able to find discounts. If you can find one, you’ll almost certainly be satisfied with what this machine can do. In our benchmarks, which test a variety of creative tasks including encoding, playback, and export time, the MacBook Pro 16 did better than any laptop we’ve ever used — the only other machines that have come close to matching this thing in some of our benchmarks are high-end desktop PCs. The battery life is also record-shattering. The 16-inch configuration with the M1 Pro processor lasted 16 hours in my testing — making it the longest-lasting laptop we’ve ever reviewed. (The M1 Max configuration doesn’t last quite as long, but still got us through a work day.). Elsewhere, we have basically no complaints about the newest MacBook Pro. It has a gorgeous display that can reach 1,000 nits when playing HDR content. It pairs that with the best set of speakers we’ve ever heard from a laptop. And these Pro models can output to multiple external displays, while the Air is limited to one. If you’re looking for a machine that can accommodate a demanding workload while also serving as an excellent multimedia device when you’re off the clock, the MacBook Pro 16 is the best device for you. The new 16-inch MacBook Pro is a creative powerhouse equipped with Apple’s latest silicon. Configurable with either the M1 Pro or M1 Max, the 16-inch screen can be lent out to up to three external displays and a 4K TV simultaneously thanks to its vast array of ports. If you’re a creative professional who doesn’t quite want to pay the price of the MacBook Pro 16, or you’re looking for something more compact, you’re probably better suited to the 14-inch MacBook Pro. This device is smaller, lighter, and less expensive than its 16-inch counterpart, but it comes with the same monstrous processor options and the same stellar screen. We didn’t see much of a difference in benchmark scores between the 14-inch and 16-inch MacBooks with the same processors — the 14-incher actually outperformed the 16-inchers in some of our tests. The primary difference to consider, apart from the sizes of these devices, is battery life. The 16-inch chassis allows for a significantly bigger battery, and the 16-inch M1 Pro model lasted several hours longer than the 14-inch M1 Pro model did in our testing. Read our MacBook Pro 14 and 16 review. The 14-inch MacBook Pro is a stellar laptop in many ways, with a brilliant display, a great keyboard, fast specs, and several useful ports. It’s hard to come up with a single complaint about the Spectre x360 14. It’s a drop-dead gorgeous machine with a sturdy build and a premium look and feel. But the Spectre x360 14 isn’t just pretty to look at: it’s also a pleasure to use as a daily work driver. Intel’s latest 11th Gen processors and Iris Xe integrated graphics deliver snappy performance with no slowdown or freezes that we observed. And we got an average of 10 hours of battery life out of the device — one of the best results we’ve ever seen. On the outside, the Spectre includes a roomy 3:2 display, and if FHD resolution doesn’t suit your fancy, there are OLED and 1,000-nit options available. There’s even a packaged stylus, which attaches magnetically to the side of the Spectre — handy if you’re using the device as a tablet. Pretty much every other aspect of this laptop, from its comfortable keyboard and smooth touchpad to its bass-heavy audio and practical port selection, rivals or exceeds the best convertibles on the market. Such an exceptional package of features doesn’t come cheap, and many customers will find everything they need in a less expensive product. But the Spectre x360 14 is the new gold standard of Windows convertibles. Overall, it’s the best Windows laptop you can buy. Read our HP Spectre x360 14 review. The HP Spectre x360 14 is the best 2-in-1 laptop of 2023. Finally, there is a dual-screen laptop we can actually recommend buying. In the past, the dual-screen form factor has felt gimmicky, difficult to see, and difficult to use. But in the Zenbook Duo 14, Asus has angled the screen significantly higher than before, made it higher resolution, and given it an anti-glare etching that’s made it actually useful. Using Asus’s ScreenXpert software, Zenbook Pro Duo users essentially have a small, crisp secondary OLED monitor on their keyboard deck. This second screen can also be turned into a giant touchpad (which is helpful since the actual touchpad the device comes with is pretty tiny. The device also comes with high-performance chips from Intel and Nvidia, and a roomy 16:10 primary screen. While the keyboard-in-the-front layout won’t be for everyone, this innovative device is the best choice for shoppers who want multiple screens in one. Read our Asus Zenbook Pro 14 Duo OLED review. The Asus Zenbook Pro Duo 14 OLED offers a truly uniqe experience for folks who are willing to have their keyboard in the front. You want to be careful with this one, because some of the models are too expensive for what they offer. Make sure that you’re buying the $1,649.99 SKU with the 6700S GPU. We feel that this model, specifically, is the best 14-inch gaming laptop you can buy. It’s a perfectly portable device at just 3.79 pounds and 0.77 inches thick, and it comes with a great keyboard, touchpad, port selection, and screen. The frame rates it produced in our testing were solid, and we didn’t see a huge difference in performance between the 6700S and 6800S models. And we got all-day battery life, which you don’t see in gaming laptops every day. If you are interested in having an animated grid of colored lights on your computer, you can also pay more for a model that has Asus’s AniMe Matrix. We don’t think these models offer particularly good value for their price, but they do have some cute benefits – you can customize them to display words or images of your choice, and there’s a virtual pet on it that you can play with. Read our Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 review. The ROG Zephyrus G14 is an astonishingly powerful gaming laptop. Its AMD Ryzen 9 processor and GeForce RTX 3060 can push powerful, smooth graphics performance in games with its QHD display while also being surprisingly efficient for other tasks. Asus surprised us with its Chromebook Flip CX5, a gorgeous $800 laptop that happens to run Chrome OS. It’s as sturdy and well-built as all kinds of Windows laptops at higher price points, and sports a unique smooth texture. It includes fully-fledged laptop specs, including a 57Wh battery, which provide speedy performance, long battery life, and quick charging. You get all kinds of ports, including an HDMI and a microSD slot. The speakers sound great, and the keyboard is comfortable. Asus hasn’t skimped on CX5’s chassis or its performance — it’s absolutely the product to buy if you’re looking for a Chromebook with a big screen. Read our Asus Chromebook Flip CX5 review. The Asus Chromebook CX5 offers a great package for a bit of a steep price. If you’re a professional with a heavy workload looking for the best in power, graphics, and battery life that Apple has to offer, you want the 16-inch MacBook Pro with Apple’s brand-new M2 Pro or M2 Max. It won’t come cheap – models start at $2,499 – but it is one of the most powerful and longest-lasting laptops you can buy. The 2023 MacBook Pro looks very similar to the 2021 MacBook Pro, with the same camera notch, the same port selection (including MagSafe charging), and the same exceptional speaker system. In testing, we’ve found that the M2 Max provides several additional hours of battery life over the M1 Max that powered the 2021 MacBook Pro 16. The M2 Max also has more multicore and single-core CPU power, and a lot more graphic power, than the M1 Max did. That won’t make a difference for standard home and office tasks, but can save you some time if your occupation requires a really powerful PC. The 2023 model is below the 2021 model on this list because we still believe the 2021 models are better value for users who can find them at a steep discount – which, now that the 2023 model is on shelves, we expect they’ll be able to do. The 2023 model, at full price, is more of a niche product for power users for whom those extra CPU and GPU cores really matter. Read our MacBook Pro 16 review. The MacBook Pro 16 with M2 Pro and M2 Max is one of the most powerful and long-lasting laptops on the market. The Dell XPS 13 is a compact and reliable laptop. Its beautiful chassis, excellent 16:10 display, and great performance make it an excellent choice for general-purpose users. My review unit (an i7 model) blew through the work tasks I needed it to do without any slowdown or heat. It did quite well in both gaming and media work. There is also a fancier Dell XPS 13 Plus available for purchase, which will include all kinds of new features the XPS 13 doesn’t have including an OLED display option, borderless haptic touchpad, and LED touch function keys. We’re looking forward to reviewing that model very soon. Read our Dell XPS 13 review. Dell’s XPS 13 is the ultimate execution on the traditional thin-and-light clamshell laptop design. It’s sleek and compact, has a great keyboard and trackpad, and has excellent performance. In many ways, the ThinkPad X1 Nano is a run-of-the-mill ThinkPad. It’s got a solid sturdy chassis, discrete clickers, a physical privacy shutter, a red TrackPoint in the middle of the keyboard, and all kinds of business-specific security and management features. But the Nano is special because it’s the lightest ThinkPad Lenovo has ever made. It’s also one of the lightest laptops you can buy, at just 1.99 pounds. You’re not sacrificing performance to get that mindblowing weight: The Nano kept up with our heavy testing workloads without any fan noise or noticeable heat. If you’re looking for a reliable business laptop that will feel like nothing in your briefcase, this is the one for you. Read our ThinkPad X1 Nano review. The ThinkPad X1 Nano is a sturdy, premium laptop for mobile professionals. You don’t need to spend thousands of dollars to get a lightweight laptop with an excellent screen. The Asus Zenbook S 13 OLED, powered by the new Ryzen 6000 series processors, is a powerful and lightweight device that’s great fun to use. In addition to its solid build quality and excellent, speedy processor, the Zenbook S 13 is only 2.43 pounds and just over half an inch thick. It has a handy LED number pad built into its touchpad. (You can still navigate with the touchpad if the numpad is pulled up, which always impresses me.) And the OLED touch display is bright and roomy, and looks quite nice. The Ryzen 7 processor in my $1,299 test model did an excellent job with my multitasking workload, generating only occasional warmth on the bottom of the device. It could game well enough too, delivering some of the best results we’ve ever seen from integrated graphics in a 13-inch device. Read our Asus Zenbook S 13 OLED review. The Asus Zenbook S 13 OLED is the best OLED laptop you can buy. The Lenovo Chromebook Duet 3 is a great, tiny laptop for budget shoppers. It comes with a magnetic detachable keyboard that’s a breeze to pop on and off. The screen also supports USI styluses, though a stylus is not included in the price. The keyboard is included in the price, however, as is the magnetic back cover and kickstand. Day-to-day, this laptop is quite usable for light work and leisure. It has a sharp, bright 11-inch screen and a surprisingly comfortable keyboard and touchpad. The battery life is close to all-day. But the real draw of this device is its portability — it’s just 2.09 pounds with the keyboard attached, making it quite convenient to carry around and whip out to use on the go. Read our Lenovo Chromebook Duet 3 review. The Lenovo Chromebook Duet 3 is an excellent 11-inch budget device. The price includes the keyboard and kickstand. The Surface Laptop 5 looks and feels quite similar to last year’s Surface Laptop 4. Like its predecessor, the Laptop 5 is thin, light, and well built, with Microsoft’s signature elegant style. Newly this year, the Laptop 5 supports Thunderbolt 4 — but unlike last year, there are only Intel models, with no AMD ones available. Inside, the 12th-Gen processors delivery satisfactory performance, particularly single-core tasks. We felt no heat or fan noise during our testing, which was remarkable considering the device’s thin profile. Our tasks looked quite sharp on the 3:2, 13-inch display as well. Our primary complaint was the battery life, which is okay, but not amazing, and a decrease from last year’s results. Read our Surface Laptop 5 review. The Microsoft Surface Laptop 5 is a thin, lightweight laptop with a 3:2 display and a number of color options. All models have 12th-Gen Intel processors. The Razer Blade 16 is an incredible purchase for gamers with very, very deep pockets. Equipped with top-end chips from Nvidia and Intel, it can run most of today’s’ most demanding games at their highest settings with all the effects you want. Add Razer’s signature suave chassis and fun (but unobtrusive) RGB keyboard, and there’s little to complain about. But it’s not just the performance that stands out — games also look great. The Blade comes with an optional Mini LED screen. Not only does the panel deliver rich and vivid colors, but it also has a dual-mode feature that allows you to swap between native UDH Plus /120Hz and FHD Plus/240Hz modes with one click. You don’t need to spend this much on a gaming laptop in order to get a good gaming experience, as some of the entries earlier on this list prove. But if you’re looking for the best performance and best display you can squeeze out of the 16-inch form factor, this is the choice for you. It’s a luxury gaming experience for a luxury price. Read our Razer Blade 16 review. The Razer Blade 16 is the best laptop for playing the most demanding games on the market, offering a 16-inch Mini LED display, an RGB keyboard, and hardcore chips from Intel and Nvidia. It’s just not cheap. While part of HP’s Dragonfly business line, the Dragonfly Pro isn’t being sold to IT departments — it’s tailored to self-employed individuals and freelance workers. It’s powered by AMD’s Ryzen 7000 series, and its performance rivaled that of the M2 MacBook Pro in our testing. Battery life, while not quite M2-level, was enough to power through a full day unplugged. There’s little to object to among the other features as well. The speakers sound good, the webcam delivers a detailed picture, the keyboard is comfortable, and the screen is quite bright. In typical HP fashion, the chassis is quite well built with a sleek and professional look. The Dragonfly Pro comes with an optional 24/7 live support service, which you can access via a hotkey on the right side of the keyboard. It’s included with the first year, and then it’s $10.99 per month. This isn’t something we think most people will need, but if you’re interested in having access to that sort of program, this is the laptop for you. Read our HP Dragonfly Pro review. The HP Elite Dragonfly Pro is one of the best business laptops for freelancers and self-employed customers. It performs quite well and comes with extra service. Even if you’ve used a light laptop before, it’s difficult to explain how light the LG Gram 17 is. It has a massive 17-inch display, but it’s somehow only three pounds. Picking it up messes with your mind; you feel like you’re not holding anything. But the Gram 17’s weight isn’t the only standout feature. It also has some of the best battery life you can get, lasting over 12 hours in our testing. Add a great keyboard, a solid port selection, quiet fans, and a fast processor, and there’s very little not to like about this device. Not everyone needs a 17-inch display, and many folks who do are looking for a heavier-duty workstation that probably doesn’t get moved very often. But if you’d just really like a large screen for your daily office work and Netflixing, you’re the target demographic for this machine. It’s a niche, but truly impressive device without much real competition in today’s market. The LG Gram 17 is the best laptop for fans of big screens, offering a 17-inch display while still being surprisingly lightweight. This particular model runs on Windows 11. / Sign up for Verge Deals to get deals on products we've tested sent to your inbox daily. / Sign up for Verge Deals to get deals on products we've tested sent to your inbox daily. The Verge is a vox media network. © 2023 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Your guide to a better future. We've tested and reviewed the best laptops across all major brands and categories to help you choose the right one. There's no shortage of laptops on the market, and separating the good from the best isn't always easy. That's why our experts have tested and reviewed several models and brands so you know your money is going toward a quality product. CNET's list of the best laptops for 2023 spans all budgets, operating systems, brands and categories. Right now is a good time to look for the best deals on laptops as PC makers including Dell, HP, Acer, Lenovo, Asus and others transition their laptops to the latest Intel, AMD and Nvidia processors and graphics chips for 2023. For example, Samsung's new 16-inch Galaxy Book 3 Ultra could be fierce competition for the latest M2 MacBook Pro 16. The Apple MacBook Air M2 currently tops our list of the best laptops 2023 has to offer because it is a solid choice for most people. It offers a great combination of everything we look for when we're testing: reliable everyday performance, long battery life and a design that works for a broad range of users. The latest MacBook Air starts at $1,199, which is why we still recommend the 2020 MacBook Air M1 as a lower-cost alternative to the newest Air model, as it's still an all-around excellent laptop. For those looking for a more value-oriented option, HP's Pavilion Aero 13 is an excellent small and light laptop starting at $550, but even fully loaded it's a reasonable $900. At CNET, our laptop experts have collective decades of experience testing and reviewing laptops, covering everything from performance to price to battery life. This hand-curated list covers the best laptops across various sizes, styles and costs, including laptop computers running on Windows, MacOS and Chrome. If you want more laptop brands and options for a particular category, we also have specialized lists you can look at, including the best gaming laptops, best 15-inch laptops, best two-in-ones and best Chromebooks, as well as the best laptops for college students, designers and the best MacBook Pro alternatives. If you need to stay as low as possible on the price of a new laptop computer, check out our best budget laptop and best budget gaming laptop picks. This best laptop list is updated periodically with new models we've tested and reviewed. If you need advice on whether a particular type of laptop or two-in-one is right for you, jump to our laptop FAQ at the bottom of the list, and if you're looking to save some money on your purchase, be sure to check out our best laptop deals page. Thanks to a new design, a larger display (13.6 inches versus the previous 13.3 inches), a faster M2 chip and a long-awaited upgrade to a higher-res webcam, the 2022 version of the MacBook Air remains our top choice for the most universally useful laptop in Apple's lineup, with one caveat. At $1,199, the $200 increase over the traditional $999 MacBook Air starting price is a disappointment. That's why you'll still find the M1 version of the Air retains a spot on our best laptop list. Still, we like everything else about it and it's our first choice if you're considering an Air and don't mind spending more. Apple MacBook Air M2 review. The Dell XPS 13 is a perennial favorite for its size, weight and performance and just overall good looks. For 2022, Dell made the XPS 13 even smaller and lighter, kept its sub-$999 starting price the same and dropped in the latest 12th-gen Intel processors. The design is still great (though there's no headphone jack; a USB-C adapter is included instead) and the battery life is long. Dell XPS 13 9315 review. This thin, 3-pound convertible is a solid choice for anyone who needs a laptop for office or schoolwork. The all-metal chassis gives it a premium look and feel, and it has a comfortable keyboard and a responsive, smooth precision touchpad. Though it's light on extra features compared to its premium linemate, the Yoga 9i, it does have one of Lenovo's sliding shutters for its webcam that gives you privacy when you want it. And it has a long battery life to boot at 12 hours, 45 minutes in our tests. The latest version with 12th-gen Intel processors starts at less than $1,000. Lenovo Yoga 7i Gen 7 (14-inch) review. Despite the availability of the new bigger and better M2 MacBook Air, the M1 MacBook Air (one of the first to switch from Intel to Apple silicon) is staying around and that's a good thing. As Apple's entry-level laptop it is still our go-to recommendation for a MacOS laptop for basic everyday use. It has great performance and long battery life -- up to 18 hours -- and is a solid choice for school or work. Read our Apple MacBook Air M1 (Late 2020) review. HP packed a lot of value into the Aero 13: Eye-pleasing magnesium-aluminum chassis, strong processing performance, long battery life, a bright, colorful display and a weight of just 2 pounds (0.94 kilograms). Amazingly, with all that it offers though, it doesn't break the bank in terms of price. If you want something a bit larger with more to offer when it comes to components, consider the HP Pavilion 14. HP Pavilion Aero 13 review. Acer had one of the best Chromebooks available in 2021 with the Spin 713, and now it's repeated that success with the Chromebook Spin 714. The premium two-in-one doesn't stray far from its predecessor in terms of what it offers, but Acer did make some changes to keep it competitive, like including a USI pen that stores and charges in the 714's body. There are less expensive options, but if you want a Chromebook that'll last for years, this is it. Keep an eye out for a sale on this one: Its normal price is $729, but is frequently on sale for less if you shop at the right time. Acer Chromebook Spin 714 review. Although this Microsoft Surface laptop is not the Surface Laptop, the Surface Pro continues to hit all the right notes if you're looking for a do-it-all Windows tablet that doubles as a Windows laptop. Microsoft updated it for the Surface Pro 9, but little has changed beyond a processor upgrade from 11th-gen Intel Core processors to 12th-gen chips as well as an option for a Microsoft SQ 3 processor with 5G wireless. If you were contemplating a Pro 8, it's still around but now with a lower price, and is our go-to choice. However, here's our review of the Surface Pro 9 so you can see how they measure up. Microsoft Surface Pro 8 review. Lenovo launched the Yoga line 10 years ago with Windows 8 and now, with Windows 11, the flexibility of the design has only gotten better. The company's flagship 14-inch Yoga 9i Gen 7 has an updated look with comfortable, rounded edges and 12th-gen Intel processors that give it a big multicore performance jump. A beautiful OLED display and improved audio make it excellent for work, video conferences and entertainment. Lenovo includes an active pen and a laptop sleeve to complete the premium package. The powerful speakers do add some vibration to the palm rests when turned up and Lenovo has cluttered the laptop with pitches for optional services and software. But, overall, the latest Yoga 9i is the two-in-one convertible laptop to beat. Lenovo Yoga 9i Gen 7 review. Dell's G15 has been a favorite budget gaming laptop for the past few years along with the HP Victus line. It was joined this year by a 16-inch version, the G16. We tested both and were impressed with what each offers. If you're looking for a gaming laptop bargain, the G15 is the way to go. If you can afford to spend a couple of hundred dollars more, the G16 is a better bet for longevity. Either way, you'll be getting a good gaming laptop for the money, but we strongly recommend waiting for a sale. Dell G15 and G16 Gaming Laptop review. There's a lot to love with the Razer Blade 14, which incorporates one of the fastest mobile CPUs available (for now, at least), the AMD Ryzen 9 5900HX, and top-end mobile graphics with the GeForce RTX 3070 or 3080. Its display can go pixel-to-pixel with the MacBook's. And its high-quality build is up there with the best MacBooks but, like an Apple, it's not necessarily the best laptop deal, even compared to other premium laptops. Razer Blade 14 review. Apple's 2023 update to its flagship MacBook Pro 16-inch line is a modest refresh from the more significantly redesigned 2021 model; notably, it upgrades to the latest generation of M2-class processors, Wi-Fi 6E and HDMI 2.1. With those updates, it gains support for displays up to 8K/60Hz and 4K/240Hz as well as variable refresh rates. The combination of the old and new enhances the veteran laptop's chops as a powerhouse computer for creation and development work. You pay for it, though: The base price for the 16-inch model of this premium laptop is $2,499. Apple MacBook Pro (16-inch) review. Samsung's big-screen two-in-one doesn't look all too different from its predecessor, but inside is a 12th-gen Intel processor that gives it a sizable multicore performance bump. Plus, the other, smaller updates Samsung made to the Pro 360 improve the overall user experience, making it one of the best two-in-ones available. At least until we get a chance to test and review the Galaxy Book 3 Pro 360. Samsung Galaxy Book 2 Pro 360 review. The XPS 17 combines the same slim, premium design of its 13-inch linemate but with increased performance possibilities. It can be configured with up to a 12th-gen Intel Core i9 processor, 64GB of memory and a 6GB Nvidia GeForce RTX 3060 graphics chip. The best part: Dell trimmed up the chassis so much that you get a 17-inch display in a body that's the size of an older 15-inch laptop. You're getting a lot of power and a big screen in the smallest possible package. Setting a budget is a good place to start when shopping for the best laptop for yourself. The good news is you can get a nice-looking, lightweight laptop with excellent battery life at prices under $500. If you're shopping for a laptop around $500 or less, check out our top picks here, as well as more specific buying advice for that price range. Higher-end components like Intel Core i-series and AMD Ryzen processors and premium design touches like thin-display bezels and aluminum or magnesium bodies have made their way to laptops priced between $500 and $1,000. You can also find touchscreens and two-in-one designs that can be used as a tablet or a laptop -- and a couple other positions in between. In this price range, you'll also find faster memory and ssd storage -- and more of it -- to improve performance. Above $1,000 is where you'll find premium laptops and two-in-ones. If you're looking for the fastest performance, the best battery life, the slimmest, lightest designs and top-notch display quality with an adequate screen size, expect to spend at least $1,000. Deciding between MacOS and Windows laptop for many people will come down to personal preference and budget. Apple's base model laptop, the M1 MacBook Air, starts at $999. You can sometimes find it discounted or you can get educational pricing from Apple and other retailers. But, in general, it'll be at least $1,000 for a new MacBook, and the prices just go up from there. For the money, though, you're getting great hardware top to bottom, inside and out. Apple recently moved to using its own processors, which resulted in across-the-board performance improvements compared to older Intel-based models. But, the company's most powerful laptop, the 16-inch MacBook Pro, still hasn't been updated to Apple silicon. But, again, that great hardware comes at a price. Also, you're limited to just Apple laptops. With Windows and Chromebooks (more on these below), you get an amazing variety of devices at a wide range of prices. Software between the two is plentiful, so unless you need to run something that's only available on one platform or the other, you should be fine to go with either. Gaming is definitely an advantage for a Windows laptop, though. MacOS is also considered to be easier and safer to use than Windows, especially for people who want their computers to get out of the way so they can get things done. Over the years, though, Microsoft has done its best to follow suit and, with Windows 11 here, it's trying to remove any barriers. Also, while Macs might have a reputation for being safer, with the popularity of the iPhone and iPad helping to drive Mac sales, they've become bigger targets for malware. Yes, they are, but they're not for everyone. Google's Chrome OS has come a long way in the past 10 years and Chromebooks -- laptops that run on Chrome OS -- are great for people who do most of their work in a web browser or using mobile apps. They are secure, simple and, more often than not, a bargain. What they can't do is natively run Windows or Mac software. The pandemic changed how and where a lot of people work. The small, ultraportable laptops valued by people who regularly traveled may have suddenly become woefully inadequate for working from home. Or maybe instead of needing long battery life, you'd rather have a bigger display with more graphics power for gaming. If you're going to be working on a laptop and don't need more mobility than moving it from room to room, consider a 15.6-inch laptop or larger. In general, a bigger screen makes life easier for work and is more enjoyable for entertainment, and also is better if you're using it as an extended display with an external monitor. It typically means you're getting more ports, too, so connecting an external display or storage or a keyboard and mouse are easier without requiring a hub or dock. For travel, stay with 13- or 14-inch laptops or two-in-ones. They'll be the lightest and smallest while still delivering excellent battery life. What's nice is that PC-makers are moving away from 16:9 widescreens toward 16:10- or 3:2-ratio displays, which gives you more vertical screen space for work without significantly increasing the footprint. These models usually don't have discrete graphics or powerful processors, though that's not always the case. You can play games and create content on any laptop. That said, what games you play and what content you create -- and the speed at which you do them -- is going vary greatly depending on the components inside the laptop. For casual browser-based games or using streaming-game services like Google Stadia, Nvidia GeForce Now and Xbox Cloud Gaming, you don't need a powerful gaming laptop. And similarly, if you're just trimming video clips, cropping photos or live-streaming video from your webcam, you can get by with a modestly priced laptop or Chromebook with integrated graphics. For anything more demanding, you'll need to invest more money for discrete graphics like Nvidia's RTX 30-series GPUs. Increased system memory of 16GB or more, having a speedy SSD for storage and a faster processor such as an Intel Core i7 or AMD Ryzen 7 will all help you get things moving faster, too. The other piece you'll want to consider is the display. For gaming, look for screens with a high refresh rate of 120Hz or faster so games look smoother while playing. For content creation, look for displays that cover 100% sRGB color space. The review process for laptops, desktops, tablets and other computer-like devices consists of two parts: performance testing under controlled conditions in the CNET Labs and extensive hands-on use by our expert reviewers. This includes evaluating a device's aesthetics, ergonomics and features. A final review verdict is a combination of both those objective and subjective judgments. The list of benchmarking software we use changes over time as the devices we test evolve. The most important core tests we're currently running on every compatible computer include: Primate Labs Geekbench 5, Cinebench R23, PCMark 10 and 3DMark Fire Strike Ultra. A more detailed description of each benchmark and how we use it can be found in our How We Test Computers page.

Whether you want a simple budget PC, a productivity workhorse, or a screamer of a gaming notebook, our deep-dive guide has all the advice you need, along with our top product picks in every major laptop category. I’m the deputy managing editor of the hardware team at PCMag.com. Reading this during the day? Then you've caught me testing gear and editing reviews of laptops, desktop PCs, and tons of other personal tech. (Reading this at night? Then I’m probably dreaming about all those cool products.) I’ve covered the consumer tech world as an editor, reporter, and analyst since 2015. A laptop won’t revolutionize the minutiae of your life the way a smartphone can. You can’t easily whip one out to kill time in the elevator, capture a breathtaking sunset, or pay for a cup of coffee. But in the years since smartphones took on all these jobs, laptops have honed their own talents. Amazing battery life and breathtaking screens are now common if you look in the right place for them. The graphics muscle to play games at full HD is affordable. And those basic old-guard features that you won’t find on any mobile device, such as touchpads and full-size keyboards, tend to get better with almost every generation. With great features, though, has come great fragmentation. Amazon, Newegg, and even your local electronics mega mart have a dizzying array of cheap laptops, gaming laptops, 2-in-1 laptops, Chromebooks, and ultraportables. Here at PC Labs, we review as many laptops as we can—hundreds each year—so we’ve seen pretty much every remix of laptop you can buy. Our top picks for the best laptops in 2023 are below, followed by a detailed buying guide that will tell you everything you need to know about how to buy your next laptop this year. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. This is, simply put, one of the best deals for a Windows laptop right now. To qualify as the best pick for most shoppers, a laptop needs an affordable starting price, quick parts, premium build quality, and ideally (for those with bigger budgets) room to scale up when ordering. The Pavilion Plus 14 delivers all of those at a sub-$800 starting price, with a thin design, very capable processor choices, and an option to jump up to a high-res, 90Hz OLED display without breaking the bank. Even our review configuration—which opted for the OLED screen, 1TB SSD, and potent Core i7 H-Series CPU upgrades—rings up at a reasonable $1,279.99. It's a great deal for a well-made and fully featured laptop with minor shortcomings. The average shopper who wants a quick, portable, and low-fuss system doesn't need to look further. It's particularly friendly to those who can extend their budget beyond the low starting price for some of those fast and fancy upgrade options. There are bigger-screen alternatives if that's your priority, but if you’re looking for a light portable laptop for everyday home and office tasks, a fair starting price (with room to configure up), and reliable all-around performance, this is the best value around. Microsoft’s Surface Laptop Go 2 is a wallet-friendly step down from its high-end tablets and spiffier, bigger Surface laptops, in a budget-first clamshell chassis. With a bunch of color choices, an aluminum frame, and an 11th Generation Intel Core i5 processor, the Surface Laptop Go 2 provides as premium an experience as you're likely to find in a new laptop for its low price. The components inside pump out more than enough speed, and you also get a better-than-average webcam and a productivity-minded 3:2 screen aspect ratio. (Bonus: The SSD is upgradable.) With trendy looks and a higher-quality build than you'll encounter in most low-priced laptops, this is Microsoft’s budget-laptop win. If you have jealously stared down a friend’s Microsoft Surface laptop, then you should be stoked to see an affordable option in the Surface Laptop Go 2. With an Intel Core processor and an on-trend, 3:2-aspect-ratio touch screen, this laptop packs features you normally can't find at this price, with a more premium build than most of its rivals. Students and budget-minded small-business users who need to travel now and then will appreciate this model, which is small enough to use when on the move. Many Chromebooks are focused on reaching the lowest price point possible, but there’s another tier of pricier, more fully featured Chromebooks for real productivity. At $729, the Acer Chromebook Spin 714 is one such machine, a portable convertible with superior performance and a larger screen than its predecessor. It also now houses a pen for use with the touch screen, plus the latest 12th Generation Intel Core i5 processors for added performance. This laptop is for those who are set with ChromeOS as the preferred or required environment but would like laptops with Windows-level quality and performance. There’s HDMI and Thunderbolt 4 support, in addition to a true SSD rather than a tiny amount of flash storage. If that type of Chromebook suits your needs better than a sub-$500 alternative, this is our favorite. Business laptops are in a class of their own, with a specific set of design and feature needs to satisfy office-dwelling professionals. The Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon hits all of those marks better than any others, a fantastically designed laptop with a top-notch keyboard, good performance, and the requisite supporting connectivity and extras. Simply put, it’s fast, well-made, portable, very long-lasting, and loaded with connectivity options. Professional users who want their fully featured business laptop to stay very travel friendly have an easy decision to make here. This laptop meets those needs, and will remain satisfying to use through its lifetime. It is expensive, so those with tight budgets should look elsewhere, but its performance, time-proven ThinkPad feature set, and multiple configuration options are winners. "Alder Lake" CPUs with Performance and Efficient cores. An OLED panel with near-4K resolution. All-day battery life. Brute-force processing power, paired with very good battery life. No laptop is perfect, but the 2022 Dell XPS 15 OLED gets most of the wish-list items right for a general-use desktop-replacement laptop for power users. No, it's not a gaming machine, nor is it meant to be (though the GeForce RTX 3050 Ti in our test unit is no slouch for 1080p gaming in a pinch). But this big, authoritative classic is an ace at content creation tasks, and it looks great in silver or white. Power users who need the extra cores and threads for photo editing, light video editing work, or heavy data manipulation will find the XPS 15 OLED a muscular, but still elegant, big-screen unit, Plus, the battery life lets you run it off the charger for the better part of a day. The real appeal of this model, though, is the glorious OLED panel, which fully covers both the sRGB and DCI-P3 gamuts and delivers above-average brightness. It's a treat for the eyes. Lenovo’s Yoga 7i 14 Gen 7 is our top convertible 2-in-1 laptop for its excellent, strong design that combines elegant features with impressive performance and battery life. A rarity in the 2-in-1 space, this Yoga includes a comparatively varied port selection and Lenovo’s trademark comfortable keyboard and touchpad. Finally, it has one of the best touch screens for its price—both bright and sharp. Chances are this is the laptop to get if you’re looking for little compromise on performance while getting the versatility of the 2-in-1 form factor. If you need decent, reliable performance, but would also like to watch videos on a bright, high-definition display, then the Lenovo Yoga 7i 14 Gen 7 should be ideal for you. The Microsoft Surface Pro 8 improves on what was already the best Windows tablet, bringing users a detachable 2-in-1 that refines and polishes the design with new thinner bezels, a sleeker chassis, and great performance from an 11th Generation Intel Core i7 processor. It’s not a revolutionary redesign, but it’s a meaningful update from previous models. Unfortunately, despite the system’s price, the key accessories like the keyboard and pen are still sold separately—and they aren’t cheap. The updated design is made of sturdy anodized aluminum, and the integrated kickstand is still an elegant solution to the problem of keeping a tablet upright. The new keyboard cover includes a storage and charging slot for the improved pen, and Windows 11 includes features and pen interaction that’s second to none. Combine that with great performance and a battery that lasts more than 12 hours, and this is the paragon of modern Windows tablets. If you want a 2-in-1 tablet and don't mind spending extra for a keyboard cover and other accessories, this is it. It's simply the best, combining the iconic Windows tablet with smooth pen integration and an updated thin-bezel design. The MacBook Air (M2, 2022) infuses the groundbreaking ultraportable Air design with the performance and battery-life enhancements of Apple’s M2 chip, all in a super-slim aluminum chassis that weighs less than 3 pounds. The 13-inch Retina display looks great, the keyboard and trackpad are solid, and Touch ID offers seamless, convenient security for Apple’s most affordable Mac laptop. Apple’s M2 chip has plenty of things going for it, with ample performance for everyday use and even some media editing, but it does so while sipping power and running silently—there are no noisy fans in the Air, and the performance is still top-notch. The M2 Air offers great capabilities and decent battery life, making it the go-to choice for Apple fans and Windows refugees alike. If you’re an Apple die-hard, or even just ambivalent towards Windows, then the M2 Apple MacBook Air is the general-use laptop we recommend. But it's not the cheapest Mac laptop; that would be the M1 version of the MacBook Air, which starts at $999 and might be a better choice if you prioritize saving money over the additional benefits that the M2 provides. For gaming on a budget, we recommend Lenovo’s Legion 5i Gen 7 for its performance and screen resolution which exceed expectations. That screen is also bright and vibrant with color—and it refreshes at 165Hz. Finally, Lenovo equipped this mobile gaming rig with plenty of ports, reducing the need for dongles…which we know gamers hate. If you prefer (or need) a laptop for PC gaming rather than a desktop and want to save as much as possible within reason, then the Lenovo Legion 5i Gen 7 is your best choice. For a decent, midrange gaming experience at an entry-level price (especially on sale), Lenovo’s latest Legion delivers in spades. With a relatively reasonable starting price and lots of room for scaling at checkout, the Acer Predator Triton 300 SE merges power, practicality, and pristine design. It’s a 16-inch gaming laptop that exceeds expectations in almost every regard in addition to performance, including a superior webcam and great battery life for its class of machine. This and more earned it our Editors’ Choice award for mainstream gaming laptops. This machine will satisfy the gamer who wants to ride the line between laptop and desktop as closely as possible while making as few compromises as they can. In every area of consideration—from design and features to performance—the Predator Triton 300 SE continues to deliver top-end results and presentation. For the gamer looking to spend as little as possible and get the most performance for it, we heartily recommend this Acer model. The Lenovo Legion 7 Gen 7 offers outstanding gaming performance while still managing nine hours of battery life. As well it should, given its $2,859 price in the configuration we reviewed—an all-AMD model with an eight-core Ryzen 9 6900HX processor and Radeon 6850M XT GPU. These chips teamed up for some very potent performance numbers, which means that playing demanding AAA games is a breeze on this big-screen laptop. There's also a 2,560-by-1,600-pixel resolution display with a 165Hz peak refresh rate for some visually stunning gameplay. Serious gamers might want to tote their machines now and then, and some aren't afraid to spend money in return for screaming-fast performance that doesn't sacrifice a laptop's most essential feature: decent battery life. The Legion 7 is for true gaming enthusiasts, and while its cost reflects that, it is actually reasonably priced relative to its competitors, with configuration options that give lots of flexibility. If you're more of a sky's-the-limit type, check out MSI's GT77 Titan instead. Dethroning the MSI CreatorPro X17 is the outstanding Lenovo ThinkPad P16 Gen 1 mobile workstation, which lives up to its lofty price with excellent power and usability. This Lenovo matches the power of MSI's previous spot holder but does so within a far more premium housing bolstered by one of Lenovo's excellent keyboards as well as a more consistent and bright display. If you work in a professional field that doesn't require 100% representation of the DCI-P3 color gamut, then this is the mobile workstation for you. The Lenovo ThinkPad P16 Gen 1 is also ideal for workers that frequently use their laptop keyboard, as it has one of the best in the business. Finally, if you or your organization crave the reliability and build quality of an international brand like Lenovo, then this workstation should be your first and last stop. The Panasonic Toughbook 40 is an almost indestructible, ultra-customizable 14-inch armored data carrier. It's fully rugged (as opposed to semi-rugged), which puts it in a class above semi-rugged systems like its 14-inch peers the Dell Latitude 5430 Rugged and Panasonic's own Toughbook 55 Mk2. The Toughbook 40 can take a six-foot fall and carries MIL-STD 810H, MIL-STD 461G, and IP66 ratings—it's dustproof (no dust can penetrate it) and immune to splashes and strong jets of water, though it can't survive actual immersion underwater as some smartphones can. All of the ruggedization makes the Toughbook 40 heavy and expensive, of course. Expect to pay north of $4,000 for this 7-pound brute if you're buying a single laptop. But nearly everyone who buys the Toughbook 40 isn't just buying one. They're buying a fleet for a police force, line technicians, or other similar organizations, which typically means significant (and confidential) discounts. Ordinary consumers need not apply. Buying a laptop by looking at specs alone can be maddening. Which specific features, and which laptop class, are best for you depends on your budget and how you plan to use your laptop. It’s better to take a systematic approach when shopping. Let’s run through how to make a smart pick. Don’t care about cutting-edge design and powerful components? You might be satisfied with a cheap laptop. Today’s market is flooded with basic but full-featured models with list prices under $500. "Shopping holidays" like Prime Day and Black Friday, and actual holidays like Presidents’ Day, bring frequent sales, discounting some of these models even further. Most of them will handle word processing and e-mail checking just fine, but they’ll struggle with heavier tasks, such as keeping many web browser tabs, or memory- and CPU-demanding programs, open at once. You'll want to look at our reviews to compare performance. PC Labs has tested many of the latest budget laptop models across the market; some of them are classic clamshells, and others are convertible or detachable 2-in-1s. (We've detailed a couple of our top cheap-laptop picks in our lineup of favorites above.). Increasing your budget to around $1,000 will unlock access to nearly all of the cutting-edge features modern laptops offer. These include slim, sturdy aluminum chassis, brilliant touch-enabled 4K displays, powerful processors and graphics chips, and batteries that will last all day and well into the night. The major caveat in this price range is that you’ll have to pick and choose which features are most important. You might be able to land a laptop with a beautiful 4K display or a cavernous terabyte of solid-state storage at this price, but probably not one with both. If your piggybank has $2,000 or more, you can choose almost any combination of features you want. Even the most powerful laptop that money can buy, though, must still obey the laws of physics. Powerful hardware generates heat, and the cooling mechanisms that such components require take up space. Hardcore gamers who want a 17-inch display and a screaming-fast graphics processor that requires bulky cooling pipes and fans can’t expect to find it in a thin, light laptop. IT-manageable, security-conscious business laptops—models made primarily by Dell, HP, and Lenovo—have their own pricing dynamic, and they tend to cost a bit more, all else being equal. That’s because of their premium warranty or support plans, enterprise-specific silicon focused on manageability or security, fingerprint or face-recognition login features, and more rugged build quality. Most laptops you’ll run across in-store or at your favorite online seller will run Windows (unless the seller is named “Apple”), but Microsoft’s best-known product isn’t necessarily the best operating system for everyone. Thanks to the ascendance in recent years of Google’s ChromeOS up the ranks of budget laptops, there’s now an alternative to Windows at every price level. The tipping point for non-Windows laptops is around $1,000; above a grand, your main alternative to a Windows machine is a MacBook; below it, it’s a Chromebook. Today, laptops based on ChromeOS are the primary alternatives to budget-priced Windows laptops. A Chromebook could be a fine, value-minded choice for someone who needs a laptop just to watch movies, create text documents, write emails, and putter around in basic spreadsheets. With a Chromebook, the main features you will really need from your laptop are a decent screen and a comfortable keyboard, since cloud services like Google Drive can handle most of your storage and processing needs. And, if you still insist on key creature comforts, you can find midrange Chromebooks with full-HD (1080p) displays and comfortable keyboards just as easily as you can find bargain-basement ones these days. PC Labs has tested Chromebooks all across the market, including clamshell models, convertibles, and even a few detachable 2-in-1 Chrome tablets. (We've detailed our top Chromebook pick in our lineup of favorites above.). For people with similar needs but larger budgets, an Apple MacBook might be the way to go, assuming you’re cool with running your day-to-day computing life on macOS. You won’t find a “cheap” MacBook anywhere in the Apple family, but you will find solid industrial design, universally excellent battery life, and a ton of built-in apps to manage your multimedia collection and sync with your iCloud account and the rest of your Apple devices. Higher-end MacBook Pros also suit content creators, with the option for a 16-inch Retina display and for CPUs up to Intel’s Core i9. One of the most significant Mac-laptop drawbacks is a total lack of touch-screen support, which is an option in various ChromeOS and Windows machines. A Windows-based machine affords access to the widest range of software, including most AAA games; the subset of popular, first-rank game titles is much smaller on macOS, and games on ChromeOS are limited to what runs in a browser, or that you can download as an Android app or from the Chrome Web Store. A Windows machine also offers the most form-factor flexibility. A few Chromebooks have designs built around detachable or foldable keyboards, letting you use them as tablets, but Windows offers a far greater selection of these flexible physical designs. In fact, the vast number of Windows devices means Microsoft’s OS gives you the most flexibility in choosing a laptop, period. Most of the rest of your buying decisions, which we’ll address below, are therefore relevant mainly to Windows machines. (We’ll be sure to note when Macs or Chromebooks offer a certain feature as well, however.). Most people searching for a general-purpose laptop should choose one that measures about half an inch thick and weighs 3 pounds or less. In general, these are the maximum dimensions and heft a laptop can have for us to consider it an ultraportable, and for most users, portability is the key to maximizing use and enjoyment. Aiming for that weight and thickness, in most cases, will limit the laptop’s screen size to 13 or 14 inches, although a few models with 15-inch or larger screens now fit into the ultraportable category. At most of these screen sizes, you can find models in either the conventional “clamshell” laptop shape or a 2-in-1 convertible design. The latter has a hinge that rotates the screen 360 degrees so you can use it as a makeshift tablet or prop it up like a tent for watching movies. Some Windows and ChromeOS laptops do have smaller displays, such as 10 or 11 inches. Some of these are not technically laptops in the pure sense, but rather tablets with detachable keyboards. Unless you’re specifically looking for a part-time tablet or the lightest possible laptop, avoid these designs. They’re lighter than most 13-inch ultraportables, often less than 2 pounds, but they’re not as good at being tablets as the Apple iPad is, and their detachable keyboards mean they’re not much good at being laptops, either—typing on most of them tends to be subpar. At the other end of the size spectrum are 17-inch behemoths. They mostly appeal to hardcore gamers, but you can find the occasional 17-inch productivity machine or workstation if you happen to like a larger screen for other reasons. A 17-inch laptop can closely mimic the experience of a desktop, at the expense of size and weight. Some of these designs can exceed 8 pounds and measure more than an inch thick. If you plan to park your gaming rig on your desk and seldom move it, a 17-incher is a possibility. Otherwise, most gamers should stick with a 15-inch laptop. However, mobile PC gamers should watch out for the newest form factor for gaming laptops: 18-inch machines. The larger panels will complement the coming stronger GeForce and Radeon GPUs, which will make good use of the extra chassis space for cooling. Watch for the first of these monsters from Alienware, Asus, MSI, Razer, and others (at first, mostly geared toward gaming) to tackle the hardest graphics tasks to date. Laptop screens have grown denser over the past decade, packing more pixels into the same area. That enables crisper text, sharper onscreen images, and, often, better-looking colors. Display density is sometimes measured in pixels per inch (ppi), but the main specification that defines a laptop screen is its native resolution, which is expressed in horizontal by vertical pixels. Most laptops that cost $500 or more have screens with at least “full HD” resolutions. Also known as “1080p” displays, they sport a resolution of 1,920 by 1,080 pixels (or in a few cases, 1,920 by 1,200) and typically employ LCD panels built on what’s known as in-plane switching (IPS) technology. IPS screens’ quality can vary, but they are best known for keeping the quality of the image high if you look at the screen from an oblique, or off-side, angle. Thin-film transistor (TFT), the other major screen type in modern laptops (and the kind often found in gaming-geared models), tends to shift colors or look faded if not viewed straight-on. That matters if you often share the contents of your screen with others—say, when giving impromptu presentations. Cheap Windows- and ChromeOS-based laptops will usually have lower-resolution thin-film transistor (TFT) displays (1,280 by 720 pixels and 1,366 by 768 are the common numbers there), which means text won’t appear as crisp and colors might not be as vivid as you’ve come to expect from your smartphone or TV. If you’re not picky about image quality, though, a lower-resolution display might be an acceptable sacrifice in the quest to save money. For the crispest text and most brilliant colors, you can go higher than full HD. Many high-end laptops now have displays with 4K native resolution (generally 3,840 by 2,160 pixels) as standard or optional extras. These screens mostly use the same IPS technology as full HD panels, but a few use OLED technology, similar to what you’ll find in cutting-edge smartphones. OLED screens command a premium, and their inky blacks and luxurious colors are best suited for movie buffs. Whether the screen is OLED, IPS, or TFT, people who plan to use their laptops in brightly lit rooms or outdoors will want to make sure that the panel has a maximum brightness level of at least 500 nits. To take advantage of the touch-screen support present throughout Windows and ChromeOS, you’ll want to seek out a touch-enabled laptop, and perhaps even a digital stylus to write or draw on it. Some Windows laptops come in both touch- and non-touch versions, so check the specifications on what you’re buying carefully. Glossy screens typically feature touch support, while most matte screens designed to filter out glare from ambient lighting do not. Since many gaming laptops have matte displays, touch support is much harder to find among their ranks.  Many gaming laptops above budget-level do offer high-refresh-rate screens, though. Hardcore gamers or esports hounds who are looking for silky-smooth visuals to give them a competitive edge will want to maximize the number of frames per second that their screen can display, and can do so by opting for a screen with a 120Hz or greater refresh rate. However, before you pay a major premium for a high-refresh screen, you’ll want to be sure that the graphics chip, or GPU, is muscular enough to push the kinds of games you play at a high enough frame rate to make a difference. Standard laptop screens have 60Hz refresh rates, and if you’ll be playing games at 60 frames per second or lower, in most cases a high-refresh screen won’t confer much benefit. Most $1,000 ultraportables use Intel’s Core i5 or Core i7 CPUs, or, less commonly, AMD’s Ryzen 5 or Ryzen 7 CPUs. All of these offer plenty of power for everyday computing tasks, but keep in mind that higher CPU model numbers typically indicate more processor cores, higher maximum clock speeds, and sometimes even multithreading. With multithreading, each CPU core can run two sets of software instructions simultaneously, instead of just one. Modern software is designed to take advantage of as many CPU cores as possible, so it can run faster on multithreaded chips. Meanwhile, budget laptops typically use AMD’s A-series or Ryzen 3 processors, or Intel’s Celeron, Core i3, or Pentium silicon. These typically have just two or four individual cores. At the other end of the spectrum, high-end powerhouse laptops have Intel’s Core i9 or workstation-class Xeon CPUs, with as many as eight cores. Regardless of which CPU a laptop has, it’s typically designed to use less power and generate less heat than its desktop counterpart. Intel laptop CPUs in the latest mainstream, lightweight laptops typically consume 15 watts of power or less, compared with 45 watts or more for their desktop equivalents. Gaming laptops typically feature higher-powered CPUs, usually denoted by an "H" in the CPU's model name. These require more cooling hardware and consume more energy, but they offer performance that's closer to that of a desktop PC. You’ll find H-series CPUs from both AMD and Intel. Getting into laptop-processor specifics can get you pretty deep in the weeds, but for a good overview that doesn't overwhelm, check out our guide to choosing a laptop CPU that fits what you do. A graphics processor that’s built into the CPU (also known as an “integrated graphics processor,” or IGP) is perfectly adequate for most everyday laptop use. You’ll know you’re looking at an IGP if you see a reference to Intel’s HD Graphics, UHD Graphics, or Iris as the graphics solution on an Intel-CPU laptop (or Radeon Graphics on an AMD-based laptop). An IGP shares the CPU’s processor cores, memory, or both. The amount of memory available to the integrated graphics chip is usually fixed, so increasing the amount of system memory won’t result in better graphics performance. Most gamers will want to consider a discrete GPU with its own dedicated computing resources. Even a budget gaming GPU will offer an immense advantage over an integrated graphics processor when it comes to playing 3D games. (Note that some laptops will come with low-end dedicated graphics solutions like the GeForce MX series that are a notch up from IGPs but not meant for serious gaming.) At the high end, hardcore gamers should look for Nvidia’s latest GeForce RTX GPUs. With gaming laptops, the level of GPU you need is very much tied to the frame rate you want to run at the laptop’s native screen resolution, and the kind of games you play. That’s where our reviews come in handy. We test with several demanding gaming and industry-standard benchmarks to give you a relative sense of a laptop’s graphics performance. Check out our roundup of favorite late-model gaming machines and best budget gaming laptops for much more. PC Labs has tested all of the latest gaming laptops across the market, from budget models to cost-no-object deluxe ones. We've also detailed our top picks in three categories (budget, mainstream, and high-end) in our lineup of favorites above. Most laptops above entry-level come with solid-state drives (SSDs), which use memory cells instead of a spinning platter (the classic hard drive) to store data. Since information stored in cells is much faster to access, SSDs are the best and most common drive configuration. They’re also immune to jolts and bumps that might crash a spinning platter’s heads. Some laptops‚ especially larger-chassis ones designed for gaming, come with both kinds of drive: a small SSD to hold the operating system, essential apps, and a few games, and a larger spinning one to store the bulk of your game files or other space-consuming media. That’s a perfectly fine option if you’re looking to save some money or simply need the maximum possible local storage amount, but you should stick with an SSD-only setup whenever possible. Note that not all laptop SSDs are created equal. SSDs that use the more modern, generally faster PCI Express NVMe standard, as opposed to the older, slightly slower SATA interface, are preferable. (PCI Express SSDs are slowly taking over the field, in any case.) Either of these, however, is far better than a third type, which is a not-quite-SSD: the much slower eMMC, a kind of flash storage drive found in budget machines. (If your budget laptop has 32GB, 64GB, or possibly 128GB of local storage, it is probably using eMMC.) All of them are better than a traditional spinning hard drive unless you simply need sheer capacity for the least money. The minimum amount of storage space most laptop shoppers should consider is 256GB. This will accommodate the considerable requirements of operating system updates and large apps like Microsoft Office with room left over. People who have sizable collections of videos, photos, or music (or any but the most casual of PC gamers) should seek out a minimum of 512GB. At the high end, you’ll find laptops configurable with 1TB or even roomier SSDs, and these will sound great. But beware that the very highest capacities can cause a laptop’s price to skyrocket—a 4TB SSD can add thousands of dollars to the overall price of a high-end laptop. It’s more cost-effective to get a 512GB SSD and add an external drive if you need additional space. While a laptop’s SSD stores your data, its system memory (or RAM) works with the CPU to run apps and helps define its capacity to multitask. Basic productivity apps will run just fine with 8GB of memory, but you’ll want to configure a midrange laptop with 16GB to ensure that tomorrow’s more advanced apps will have access to enough memory. That’s also a good target amount for heavy multitaskers, PC gamers, and people who surf the web with many tabs open. Modern web browsers loading multimedia-rich sites and web apps are voracious consumers of memory. Few people who aren’t professional or prosumer content creators will see much additive benefit from memory amounts above 16GB. On the flip side of that, a budget Windows system with just 4GB of memory will be sluggish with multitasking and is generally indicative of a bare-bones configuration. The same is true of Chromebooks—although ChromeOS is designed to demand fewer computing resources than Windows does, if you’re prone to performing memory-intensive tasks like browsing with dozens of tabs open at once, 4GB can be limiting. If you plan to use your laptop’s touchpad, touch screen, and keyboard as the primary means of control, most of the time you may never need to plug in anything other than the power cord. In this case, you’ll rely on the Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections that almost every laptop offers. The latest mainstream Wi-Fi standard is 802.11ax (also dubbed “Wi-Fi 6”) and it’s an important feature to look for in a laptop to ensure fast Wi-Fi connectivity in the future. Steer clear of the older 802.11ac (Wi-Fi 5), though, as it’s now being phased out, with the highest-end Wi-Fi 6E standard appearing in more premium laptop options. Serious gamers might want to opt for a machine with a Killer Networks setup. It will allow for more granular control over giving wired or wireless gaming traffic priority on your internet connection. Business users and gamers may also want a dedicated Ethernet jack. Most gaming machines will have one, and some gamers insist wired Ethernet is still the only way to go for competitive online gaming. Some laptops implement Ethernet as a full-size or fold-out jack; others may come with an adapter in the box that routes Ethernet through a USB port. And still others come with neither, leaving wired Ethernet up to you to add via a dongle if you want it. As for other physical connections, you’ll want to examine the edges of a given laptop carefully and take count. If you have an external storage device like a thumb drive, you’ll want to pay attention to the type and quantity of USB ports. Look for laptops that have both USB Type-A and Type-C ports. Type-A is the familiar rectangular connector that has been around for decades, while Type-C is smaller, oval-shaped, and sometimes doubles as a receptacle for the laptop’s charging cable. Budget laptops may only have Type-A ports, which is a disadvantage in an increasingly Type-C world. On the other hand, some ultra-thin designs only have Type-C ports, which means you’ll need dongles to connect any Type-A peripherals you might already own. If video output matters to you, check for a dedicated port like an HDMI connector, especially if you plan to connect your laptop to your TV, desktop monitor, or a lecture hall A/V system. Sometimes video outputs are implemented on laptops as micro HDMI or mini DisplayPort connectors to save space. You’ll need a special cable to use these, which may or may not be included in the box. Photographers will benefit from a built-in SD or microSD card reader for more convenient image uploading. And if you plan to use your laptop in a public, unsecured location, a security notch for fastening a physical locking cable is very useful. These fall into two types, the Kensington-cable style and the Noble-lock style. Make sure the notch type matches the kind of cable you intend to use to tether the machine to an immovable object. Many laptops can last an entire day away from the power outlet, even when you’re using them for demanding but common activities like streaming internet video. There are exceptions; a laptop with a 4K display and a powerful CPU probably will not last for more than 8 hours or so before its battery dies, and most gaming laptops die far sooner. When you’re playing demanding games that tax the GPU, gaming laptops tend to run out of juice even more quickly off the plug than they normally do. You’ll find more than a few exceptions, though, and even powerful laptops have become adept at sensing when their maximum power isn’t required and reducing various components’ consumption. This is where PC Labs’ battery testing comes in. We evaluate battery life by playing a locally stored video file nonstop with no wireless connections active and 50% screen brightness. An excellent result on our test suggests that the laptop is good at adapting its power use to the task at hand, and you can use the results to compare the potential of machines you are considering. We evaluate all laptops using this test, and at the preceding link you can see an extended summary of the best performers on our battery test. Measuring battery life is notoriously tricky, though, since it’s entirely dependent on how you use your laptop. Your usage profile probably doesn’t match our test—or anyone else’s—to a T. So you’ll want to look at tested battery life in a relative, rather than absolute, sense. Every manufacturer and reseller has different standards for refurbishing previously used laptops. A slight discount on a rigorously tested MacBook Pro that Apple sells with the same warranty as a new one might be worth the cost savings, while a laptop refurbished by a third party you’ve never heard could be chancy. It’s best to buy any refurbished machine directly from the manufacturer’s online store as opposed to from a reseller, especially a reseller that may be hawking refurbs from “marketplace" sellers or third parties on its platform. Some of these resellers or their third parties will rate their refurbished stock with a grade. (It pays to ask who has done the refurbishing—the manufacturer itself, or the reseller.) We’ve seen refurbished laptops being sold and rated with grades of A, B+, B, C, and so on, to reflect the relative amount of wear and tear on the machine. There is no universal grading system for refurbished PCs, however. It’s generally up to the reseller what the grade means, and thus it can vary from seller to seller. We’re wary of machines graded this way and strongly recommend insisting on an ironclad return policy in the case of purchases like these if you decide to roll the dice. You could end up pleasantly surprised, but usually, a refurbished-laptop deal that looks too good to be true...is. What is almost universally true is that with a bit of tech know-how, you can use your own pre-owned laptops to your advantage. If you’re in the market for new laptops for both yourself and your kids, you might consider tuning up your current PC to give to your children and buying a new one for yourself. Most laptop makers offer one-year warranties on parts and labor. These standard plans are limited, so they won't cover accidents that stem from spilling a drink on the keyboard or dropping the system on the sidewalk. Fortunately, your credit card issuer likely covers such mishaps for a short period of time after you buy a new product, and it also may extend the manufacturer's warranty. (Many Mastercard accounts include a doubling of the standard warranty period up to one year, for example.) Check your account benefits guide for details. If your credit card issuer doesn’t cover you, some laptop makers will happily sell you extended warranties. Apple, Dell, HP, and Lenovo all offer wide ranges of extended warranties and coverage for accidental damage. Expect to spend $100 to $300 for these options. Our rule of thumb is that if a warranty costs more than 15 percent of the laptop's purchase price, you're better off spending the money on backup drives or services that minimize downtime. Of course, you can't put a price tag on peace of mind. There are instances when the logic board or the display—the most expensive parts of a laptop—fail, and while rare, such a catastrophe can cost you half of what the laptop is worth in repair costs. Shopping for a laptop is an exercise in patience. An ultra-competitive market means that even if you’ve got specific requirements, you can almost certainly find a handful of excellent models that will meet them, and another handful of perfectly serviceable but ho-hum models that will, too. Now that you know which specifications to look for, we hope that parsing the good from the bad will be much easier. We update our top picks frequently, and you can find our current favorite laptops below. Sign up for Lab Report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! I’m the deputy managing editor of the hardware team at PCMag.com. Reading this during the day? Then you've caught me testing gear and editing reviews of laptops, desktop PCs, and tons of other personal tech. (Reading this at night? Then I’m probably dreaming about all those cool products.) I’ve covered the consumer tech world as an editor, reporter, and analyst since 2015. I’ve evaluated the performance, value, and features of hundreds of personal tech devices and services, from laptops to Wi-Fi hotspots and everything in between. I’ve also covered the launches of dozens of groundbreaking technologies, from hyperloop test tracks in the desert to the latest silicon from Apple and Intel. I've appeared on CBS News, in USA Today, and at many other outlets to offer analysis on breaking technology news. Before I joined the tech-journalism ranks, I wrote on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and Big Data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, I also have a master's degree in journalism and French Studies from New York University. After starting my career at PCMag as an intern more than a decade ago, I’m back as one of its editors, focused on laptops and desktops. I have been on staff and been published in technology review publications including PCMag (of course!), Laptop Magazine, Tom’s Guide, TechRadar, and IGN. I’ve tested and reviewed hundreds of laptops along the way, and helped develop testing protocols, too. I’m also well-versed in video games coverage. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories. If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED. The best Bluetooth speakers still have a place near and dear to our hearts, even as we've seen better (and more portable) smart speakers creeping into the universe. It's fun and easy to ask an Amazon Echo or Google Nest speaker to play your favorite track or tell you the weather, but smart speakers have a few crutches—first and foremost, stable Wi-Fi. By (mostly) forgoing voice assistants and Wi-Fi radios, Bluetooth speakers gain portability, with the ability to venture outside of your house and withstand rugged conditions like the sandy beach or the steamy Airbnb jacuzzi. They'll also work with any smartphone, and they sound as good as their smart-speaker equivalents. We've tested hundreds of models in the past few years, and we can happily say they are still some of the best small devices you can listen to. Here are our favorites right now. Be sure to check out all our buying guides, including the Best Soundbars, Best Wirefree Earbuds, and Best Smart Speakers. Updated February 2023: We've added the Shower Power Pro, Victrola Re-Spin, Vizio M Series 2.1, and Kef LSX II, and updated links and prices. Special offer for Gear readers: Get a 1-year subscription to WIRED for $5 ($25 off). This includes unlimited access to WIRED.com and our print magazine (if you'd like). Subscriptions help fund the work we do every day. There are bigger and badder Bluetooth speakers, but none match the fun and convenience of the Ultimate Ears Boom 3 (9/10, WIRED Recommends). It puts out some of the most pleasant, balanced sound for its size. The waterproof cylinder comes in multiple colors, lasts 15 hours between charges, and gives you 100 feet of Bluetooth range. On top of all that, it has a two-year warranty. ★ Bigger and boomier: If you really need to get a party kicking, the Megaboom 3 ($200) is a beefier model that amps up the bass. The larger Sonos Move is great if you want a speaker that usually lives inside, and which you can occasionally carry outside. But it's not the kind of thing you'd want to throw in a backpack. That's where the Roam (9/10, WIRED Recommends) comes in. This tiny Sonos speaker has all the same smarts as its bigger siblings, but with an IP67 dust- and water-resistance rating and 10 hours of listening time. It's about the size of a 16-ounce beer can and easily fits in cup holders and knapsacks alike. You probably haven't heard of Tribit, but its line of Bluetooth speakers sound a lot better than they should for the price. The StormBox is my favorite model. It has dual-firing drivers and passive radiators in a 7-inch-long pill shape. No, it can't fuel a trance dance party on its own, but its sound clarity is impressive, and it has a fun extra bass button that adds some surprising, if slightly muddy, thump. With 20-ish hours of battery and an IPX7 waterproof rating—which means it's not dust-proof but can be submerged in water—it's a great companion for backyard tunes, a trip down the river, or other informal gatherings. If you want a Bluetooth speaker that can fill any room (or patio) but lives a lot of its life inside, the Sonos Move (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is a good one to build a home network around. Sonos invented wireless multiroom speakers. Its speakers connect to nearly every streaming service, and they work with Google Assistant or Alexa. They also sound amazing by every measure. The Move streams music over your Wi-Fi network, but it can also function as a Bluetooth speaker when you take it outside. It gets 11 hours of battery life, plus it's splash-resistant. We shot a hose at it, so we know it can handle getting wet. It also has a charging dock for when the outside fun is over. The Ultimate Ears Wonderboom was a WIRED Gear of the Year award winner in 2017, and that's because it was the best pool companion you can own. The Wonderboom 2 is even better. The little 4-inch ball of joy now sports IP67 water and dust resistance. It gets 13 hours of battery (three more than before), has a 100-foot Bluetooth range, floats, and pumps out surprisingly potent audio while doing it. UE says it's "drop-proof" up to 5 feet, but you can honestly play some light catch with it on the lawn and it won't be any worse for wear. Just wash it off when you're done. You can even pair two together for proper stereo sound. We like the latest JBL Clip model more than its three predecessors. It's the size of a hockey puck—small enough that you can take it with you on almost any adventure. It's waterproof and has a carabiner clip up top so you can snap it to all kinds of stuff. It also has more controls (volume, play, Bluetooth, power) than other micro speakers, and its sound is surprisingly bold, making this a great one to hang off of packs or harnesses while on weight-limited outings. We loved the first generation of the Tribit StormBox Micro for its easy-to-use silicone strap, which firmly held it against bicycle handlebars. In this update, Tribit has maintained the rugged IP67 rating against water and dust, and given us more battery life (around 12 hours) and better bass. Also, new Bluetooth 5.2 tech allows it to cast a wider signal than its predecessor, for when you're wandering around the yard or house. ★ Also handlebar-ready: Bose also makes a great speaker of a similar design called the SoundLink Micro ($120), which was previously our top bike-handlebar pick. It sounds about the same but is twice as expensive as the Tribit. These sub-$100 speakers from Sony have become a go-to when riding to gatherings, thanks to a clever built-in strap, and the fact that they sit flat in a bike basket. They get up to 16 hours of battery life, are IP67-rated for dust- and water-resistance, and you can even link multiples together for stereo sound. They also come in a variety of awesome colors—favorites include bright blue and pink—so you'll never be lost in the crowd. If you're a music fan or just love the classic Marshall guitar amplifier design, this Bluetooth speaker is ready to rock. As with all Marshall products, you pay a price for the style, but the audio lives up to expectations. For a speaker that's about as big as four old DVD cases stacked, standing upright, it sounds killer, with a smooth, balanced, and refined sound. The exterior has a durable-feeling, splash-resistant silicone finish, and the front and back are covered with a steel grille. It has a front-facing woofer and a tweeter on each side, powered by a battery that lasts around 20 hours (USB-C charging with a 3.5-mm jack too), depending on how much you tweak the stylish volume, treble, and bass knobs up top. The battery indicator is also handy. You'll enjoy toting all 3 pounds of it around with its carry strap, which has a leather feel on the outside and red velvet on the inside. If you want a little more power and heft, the Marshall Kilburn II ($280) is similarly excellent, and the Marshall Emberton ($150) is a great extra-portable addition to the amp company's Bluetooth line. Like the Stockwell II, it has a built-in battery gauge. With 24 hours of battery life, a rugged design, and huge yard-filling sound, the Ultimate Ears Hyperboom (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is the perfect speaker for a party. Intelligent algorithms use data from a built-in mic to analyze where you've placed the speaker, ensuring the best possible sound, much like the Sonos Move. This is a better option than the Sonos if you have no interest in a future home network of speakers. It doesn't have lights or cup holders like some other party speakers, but this is the best-made large Bluetooth speaker we've tested. It's been dropped from trucks, left out in the rain, and used at summer barbecues. It's even got a big silicon strap, inviting you to take it everywhere. At $250, Bang & Olufsen's round, IP67-rated Bluetooth speaker has a luxe price tag, but it's one of the best-sounding small speakers we've ever heard. With the included leather strap, excellent controls, and super-durable build, it quickly became a favorite. If you're willing to spend a lot more for the best of all portable worlds—looks included—this is the tiny luxury option to beat. Your TV's built-in speakers are probably pretty terrible. This cheap soundbar from Vizio can help, and it can also serve as a very solid Bluetooth speaker for dance parties/jamming to your favorite albums while you're reading a book or cleaning the living room. I like the shape of this one, which stays out of the way below most screens, and easy-to-use buttons on the side make pairing quick and painless. We all hate recharging the speakers we use in the shower, and many of us refuse to leave a smart speaker plugged in to listen to us doing … whatever we do … in there. The solution? Shower power! This cool speaker runs on the power of the water flowing through your pipes. You fit it between the shower arm at the showerhead, and a turbine inside generates enough power for music and a few LEDs. It's a remarkably cool and simple solution for those of us who like to sing along with our suds. This pair of wireless bookshelf speakers from Kef not only look great, they sound amazing (9/10, WIRED Recommends). They're easily mountable, thanks to threaded 1/4-inch mounting holes on the bottom, and they feature numerous wired and wireless connection types, including Apple AirPlay, Spotify Connect, and Bluetooth. A companion app on your phone controls everything, with the speakers providing extremely high-fidelity, room-filling audio with a wide stereo image. Bang & Olufsen makes some of the best high-end audio gear, and they've recently taken a “buy once, cry once” policy when it comes to wireless listening. The Beosound Level is a very expensive Wi-Fi and Bluetooth speaker, but it is modularly designed and aims to be repairable forever. The 16-hour battery is replaceable, and it also has replaceable wood and cloth elements. The gorgeous and great-sounding speaker could be a lifetime audio addition that can be upgraded as technology changes, or accidents happen. The three up-firing drivers in the center of this large speaker shoot sound all around your space, using Sony's proprietary tech to offer the best possible sound in any room. Instead of beaming tunes straight at your ears, like most speakers on this list, the Alexa- and Google-assistant-enabled boom box is designed to make music sound good, no matter where you're standing or sitting. I was skeptical of this technology when I first got a review unit about a year ago, but I've left the speaker outside on a covered patio for nearly that whole time, because it's a favorite for creating unobtrusive but good-sounding background music when friends and family are over. If you find yourself wanting a soundtrack, rather than to actively listen to music, it's a great option, even at the high price. Positive Grid's Spark Mini (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is one of our favorite portable tools for musicians. You can pair your phone and play music via the cube-shaped speaker, but also plug in a guitar and blend yourself in to jam along. It's a perfect playing tool for campfires and backyard barbecues, and it even doubles as an audio interface if you need to scratch down an idea really quick. Because it's a guitar amp, the thing is much louder than it looks, easily able to fuel sing-alongs and shredding interpretations of the Star-Spangled Banner on Independence Day. This suitcase-style turntable has a built-in Bluetooth speaker that you can pair your phone to, and it can also transmit the sounds of your record to other speakers and headphones. We're big fans. It's made of 25 percent recycled plastic, comes in cute colors, and all it requires is a single power outlet. It's the perfect little case to bring along with you on your next trip out of town, and the lid even doubles as a record holder when it's not protecting the deck. Here are a few other good products that didn't quite make the cut. Extra savings up to $15 with TurboTax discount. 20% Off All H&R Block 2023 Tax Software | H&R Block Coupon Code. Instacart coupon code: $20 off any size order + free delivery. DoorDash promo code: 50% off any $20 order + free delivery. Finish Line Coupon - $10 Off. Groupon Promo Code: 30% Off Activities + Events + More. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

Your guide to a better future. We've tested the best wireless Bluetooth speakers available right now. Here are our top picks at a variety of price points. Wireless Bluetooth speakers come in all shapes and sizes, and they range in price from $20 to upwards of $500 and even more for truly premium models. Needless to say, some speakers are better than others -- and some are better values, which is an important factor when we consider what products make our list of best Bluetooth speakers. We also evaluate sound quality, battery life and design, with a speaker's water-resistance and durability key attributes we look at. After all, these are portable speakers that should ideally be able to hold up to the elements. CNET audio experts have tested all the Bluetooth speakers on this list and we update the list regularly as new speakers hit the market and some products become outdated. As I said, some of the premium models can get pretty expensive. But we also have a number of value picks for those on a tighter budget. Marshall's new-for-2023 Middleton speaker isn't exactly compact. But it also isn't so beefy that you get a workout carrying it around. Weighing 4 pounds (1.8kg), it's bigger than Marshall's Emberton speaker and smaller and more portable than its Kilburn II speaker. Any way you look at it, it sounds very good for its size and puts out a surprising amount of quality bass while offering good treble detail and natural-sounding mids (where vocals live). I also liked that it has equalizer controls on the speaker itself -- I did bump the bass a bit -- and is fully waterproof and dustproof with an IP67 rating. Battery life is rated at up to 20 hours at moderate volume levels and Marshall says it takes 4.5 hours to fully recharge the speaker. Its USB-C charging port also has a charge-out feature that allows you to use the speaker as a power bank and charge your devices. You can pair two or more speakers to amplify the sound but you can't pair two speakers together to create a stereo pair. Marshall says the Middleton uses True Stereophonic, "a unique form of multidirectional stereo sound" and I did think the soundstage was bigger than what you typically get from a speaker this size. The only downside to the speaker is that it's fairly expensive but I was otherwise impressed. Anker's original Soundcore Motion Boom speaker (see below) has been on this list for a while and is still a decent value at a little more than $100. But the new-for-2022 Motion Boom Plus is significantly improved, particularly in terms of sound quality. It's easily one of the best Bluetooth speakers of 2023. Weighing 5.29 pounds (almost a pound more than the Motion Boom), it uses Bluetooth 5.3 and is equipped with upgraded dual 3.5-inch woofers and newly added dual 1-inch tweeters, delivering up to 80 watts of audio output (60W for the woofers and 20W for the tweeters). Battery life is rated for 20 hours at moderate volume levels. It's also IP67 waterproof and dust-proof and floats if you happen to drop it in a body of water. I was impressed with the sound quality, which measures up well against a few more expensive -- and some larger -- speakers on this list. You can tweak the sound profile (with EQ settings) and upgrade the speaker's firmware in Anker's Soundcore companion app for iOS and Android. There's a button on the speaker to activate bass boost. I tended to go with the bass boost engaged and found that the speaker delivers full sound with good clarity in the mids and highs and good bass definition. For its size, the speaker is able to put out a lot of sound and mostly manages to avoid distorting at higher volumes. (I tended to keep the volume in the 50%-to-75% range.). If you're sitting within a few feet of the speaker, there's a bit of stereo separation. But if you really want to improve the sound quality, you can wirelessly pair two Soundcore Motion Boom Plus speakers to create a real stereo pair. It's currently selling for $180 at Amazon, but you can save $20 by activating the instant coupon on the product page. When the SoundLink Flex speaker launched, Bose made some bold claims about its new Bluetooth speaker, particularly its extra bass performance. But it mostly lives up to the hype and arguably is the best-sounding wireless speaker for its compact size. Available in three color options -- black, white smoke and stone blue (pictured) -- it's equipped with Bose's PositionIQ technology to automatically detect the speaker's orientation and deliver optimized sound based on whether it's upright, hanging or flat on its back. The speaker is IP67 dust-proof and waterproof, and rated for 12 hours of battery life at moderate volume levels. The Flex also floats and Bose says it can survive drops and bumps, with a soft silicone back and powder-coated steel grille that "won't peel or flake and is resistant to corrosion and UV light.". Bose's SoundLink Micro also delivers impressive sound for its tiny size and this speaker is bigger, weighing just over a pound (0.45 kg) and measuring 7.9 inches wide, 2.1 inches deep and 3.6 inches high (20 by 5.3 by 9.1 centimeters), so it sounds significantly better than the Micro. For some reason, it uses the older Bluetooth 4.2 instead of 5.0, but I didn't have any problems with connectivity. Bose says it can fill a living room with sound. From my tests, I'd say it would have to be a relatively small living room -- a single speaker can only output so much sound. However, if you pair two of them together in stereo mode, the sound gets to a whole other level and indeed fills a larger room. Back in 2020, Tribit released the StormBox Micro, a budget version of Bose's excellent SoundLink Micro speaker that delivered surprisingly good sound for its size and modest price. Now we get the StormBox Micro 2, which offers improved sound and battery life, along with a charge-out feature that turns the speaker into a power bank for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. An integrated strap allows you to clip it to your backpack or your bike's handlebars. Like the original, it's an excellent value and easy to recommend if you're looking for a supercompact portable wireless speaker. While Anker's Soundcore Motion Plus came out in 2019 it remains one of best-sounding speakers for around $100. It's larger than many mini Bluetooth speakers, but it's still compact. It manages to sound quite a bit fuller than much of the competition in its price range, with bigger bass, more volume and better clarity. It's also fully waterproof (IPX7-rated) and has support for the aptX streaming codec for devices like Samsung's Galaxy phones that support it. Read our Anker Soundcore Motion Plus review. With each new version of the Flip, JBL makes small improvements and while the Flip 6 doesn't look much different from the Flip 5 on the outside, it does feature improved sound. It has two-way drivers with a woofer and tweeter and dual passive radiators that help the Flip 6 deliver much deeper bass than you'd think it could. It's fully waterproof and dust-proof with an IPX67 rating. Like the Flip 5, it's rated for up 12 hours of audio playback at moderate volume levels and charges via USB-C. Available in multiple color options, it's one of the best-sounding speakers for its compact size. JBL Pulse speaker is now on its fifth generation and both the sound quality and 360-degree light show have been improved. JBL has "expanded the transparent outer body" so the customizable light show (there's a companion app for iOS and Android that allows you to alter the colorful lighting effects) looks more impressive. The speaker is also IP67 dustproof and waterproof, and it offers up to 12 hours of battery at moderate volume levels. The speaker now has a separate tweeter and a passive bass radiator that delivers fairly punchy bass. I'd say the speaker delivers very good but not great sound for its size and price (it distorts a little at higher volumes). For sound, it's sort of in between JBL's Flip 6 and Charge 5, so you'll arguably get slightly better sound from the Charge 5. But you're really buying this speaker for the light show -- that's what makes it unique and special and it does look mesmerizing. Note that you can pair this with another JBL PartyBoost compatible speaker for stereo sound or link multiple JBL PartyBoost speakers for augmented sound.  Also, you can find this speaker on Amazon as part of bundle with a protective carrying case thrown in for the same price as the speaker by itself. I've long been a fan of Sony's smallest Bluetooth speaker, which has been modestly upgraded for 2021 with some design refinements and slightly improved sound. This portable Bluetooth speaker is both dust- and waterproof with an IP67 certification and is rated for 16 hours of battery life at moderate volume levels (it has USB-C charging while the older XB12 didn't). The speaker plays bigger than you'd think for its small size, with some punch to its bass, but it can only output so much sound -- yes, it has its limitations. If you add a second XB13, you can get stereo sound. The XB13 is available in multiple color options and includes a strap so you can attach it to various objects. It also has speakerphone capabilities with an integrated microphone. It lists for $60, but is sporadically discounted. The Tribit MaxSound Plus is about 30% bigger than its sibling, the XSound Go, and costs almost twice as much, but it performs substantially better and is one of the best-sounding speakers in its size and price class. It has a long-lasting rechargeable lithium-ion battery and superior sound quality for a Bluetooth speaker. Read our Tribit MaxSound Plus review. JBL's Charge 5 offers a good balance of size, performance and durability. It's bigger than some of the mini speakers on this list, like the Flip 5, but is still compact and packs more bass punch and overall volume. Featuring a built-in USB charging port for juicing up your mobile devices, it offers improved audio and a dust-proof and waterproof design that's elevated from the previous Charge. According to JBL, the speaker is equipped with a "racetrack-shaped driver," with a separate tweeter and dual passive radiators, to improve both clarity and bass performance over the Charge 4. (In my tests, this indeed proved to be the case.). Battery life is rated at 20 hours at moderate volume levels. This model is also equipped with JBL's PartyBoost feature that allows you to connect it to other compatible JBL portable speakers to augment their sound. The Charge 5 comes in six color options: black, blue, gray, red, teal and "squad" (which looks like a kind of camo). Despite being on the market for a few years, the Tribit XSound Go remains one of the top Bluetooth speakers for the money. Besides sounding decent for streaming your favorite music and more, this affordable Bluetooth speaker is also fully waterproof. It has had some small upgrades over the years. Read our Tribit XSound Go review. Bose's Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Portable Home Speaker is more compact and easier to carry around than the Sonos Move and costs a little less. This Bose speaker delivers big sound for its relatively small size (the Sonos does sound better, however) and links with other speakers in the brand's Wi-Fi Home speaker line to create a multiroom audio system. Read our Bose Portable Home Speaker first take. Ultimate Ears' Boom Bluetooth speakers come in a few different sizes, but none of them are as big as the all-new Hyberboom. A supersize wireless speaker that tips the scales at a hefty 13 pounds, the Hyperboom makes the UE Megaboom 3 look unquestionably puny. It's not cheap, but its sound quality is better than a lot of the jumbo portable speakers on the market right now. UE Boom reps told me the Hyperboom was created after the company got feedback from its customers looking for a bigger speaker that could play loud enough and have deep enough bass to power a party. The speaker can do just that -- Ultimate Ears says it's three times as loud and has six-and-a-half times the bass of Megaboom 3 -- and has no trouble filling a fairly large room with sound. Read our UE Hyperboom review. For its first three generations, JBL's Clip micro Bluetooth speaker had a circular design. But for the fourth-gen Clip 4, JBL has moved to a more oval shape, bulked up the speaker slightly and added USB-C charging. This portable Bluetooth speaker does seem more durable, with a sturdier integrated carabiner clip. Also, it sounds a little better, with more volume, clearer sound and more bass. With an IP67 water-resistance rating, it can survive being dunked in shallow water and is dust-proof. The Clip 4 is right up there with the best overall micro Bluetooth speakers. Read our JBL Clip 4 review. We liked Ultimate Ears' Wonderboom 2 and the third-generation model, the Wonderboom 3, offers some small improvements, including slightly better battery life (up to 14 hours instead of 13 at moderate volume levels) and a new Bluetooth chip that allows for extended wireless range of 131.2 feet (40 meters). The design has not changed though the speaker now comes in different color options. Like its predecessor, the Wonderboom 3 carries a list price of $100 but sometimes sells for a little less. Its IP67 rating that means that it's not only waterproof but also dust-proof (and able to float). This model retains the special Outdoor Boost mode that boosts treble and you can link two together (or pair a Wonderboom 3 to a Wonderboom 2) to create a stereo sound pairing by simply pressing a button on each speaker. As far As I can tell, the Wonderboom 3 sounds very similar to the Wonderboom 2 and features very good sound for its small size.That said, while there's some punch to the bass (being short yet squat helps it produce more low end), it can only delivers so much kick. Alas, Ultimate Ears, which is owned by Logitech, has not upgraded the charging port to USB-C. The speaker still charges with a micro-USB cable, which is a bit of a bummer. Released in 2021, JBL's PartyBox 110 packs some serious punch and delivers bigger sound than some of the portable boom box speakers on this list, including JBL's own Boombox 2. There's an integrated handle for toting the speaker, but the PartyBox 110 is pretty hefty, weighing in at 23 pounds and measuring slightly more than 22 inches tall. You can put it up vertically as shown in the picture above or place it horizontally, as it has rubber feet on both sides of the speaker. It's rated for up to 12 hours of playback time at moderate volume levels and has a redesigned light show that syncs to the beat of your music -- you can customize the light show from the speaker itself or use the JBL PartyBox companion app. The speaker has Bluetooth or a wired USB connection and there are guitar and mic inputs. It's also worth noting that speaker is IPX4 splash-proof and you can wirelessly link two PartyBox 110 speakers together for stereo sound. I didn't test the stereo mode, but I was impressed with the sound of a single PartyBox 110 -- it puts out lots of well-defined bass with good overall clarity in the highs and mids -- and I suspect that pairing two of these together would be pretty awesome. I also liked how the speaker has no external AC adapter brick and only requires a cord for charging (the power adapter is in the speaker). For longer parties during which you're really cranking the tunes, you'd want to plug the speaker in if possible. But it does deliver enough volume to fill a spacious living room with sound and also plays loud enough for a small pool or beach party. The PartyBox 710 ($800) is a massive party speaker that has integrated wheels and requires a power source to operate; it does not have an integrated rechargeable battery. This is your best bet if you want a portable speaker that can deliver big, quality sound and operates on battery power. To be clear, this offers bigger and better sound than the JBL Boombox 2 -- but it is harder to carry around. Anker's more expensive Soundcore Motion Boom Plus (see above) is a substantial sound upgrade over the original Motion Boom but this model remains a very good mini boom box for the money. Equipped with a handle and weighing a little over 4 pounds, the speaker reminds me of one of those giant flashlights or "floating lanterns" that were in vogue about 30 years ago. For the record, the Motion Boom actually does float and is fully waterproof with an IPX7 rating. Anker says the Motion Boom delivers "huge stereo sound" and yes, it plays pretty loud and has a decent amount of bass with reasonable clarity. I kept the bass boost on at all times because it sounds better that way. The Motion Boom can't compete against bigger and more expensive speakers like JBL's Boombox 2 and Ultimate Ears' Hyperboom, but it packs a lot more volume and punch than more compact Bluetooth speakers like JBL's Flip 5 and Flip 6. It also travels well, so it's ideal for a beach excursion or a little tailgating. Read our Anker Soundcore Motion Boom review. Available in white or black for $179, the Roam is currently the smallest and most affordable Sonos speaker (if you don't count those $99 Sonos-compatible Symfonisk Ikea Wi-Fi bookshelf speakers), though it's fairly expensive for a mini wireless speaker. This Sonos Roam model, like Sonos' earlier Move portable speaker ($400), is equipped with both Bluetooth and Wi-Fi and can tap into an existing Sonos multiroom audio system and link with other Series 2-compatible Sonos speakers. Read our Sonos Roam review. Tribit's StormBox speaker looks like a cross between a UE and a JBL speaker. We suspect that's not an accident. This fully waterproof speaker costs about significantly less than the JBL Flip 5 and Flip 6 and produces bigger sound. Its rechargeable battery offers up to 20 hours of battery life for playing music and more. Tribit's XSound speakers are probably a better value, but the StormBox is more stylish. Marshall's little mono Willen speaker is similar to Bose's SoundLink Micro and other micro speakers like the Tribit StormBox Micro 2. Also like those speakers, it also has an integrated strap on its base so you can clip it onto a backpack or a bike handlebar for that matter. Its 2-inch full range driver and two passive radiators put out more sound than you'd think it would for its tiny size and offer decent clarity as well just enough bass to avoid sounding tinny (you can choose from three preset sound modes). Battery life is good at around 15 hours of playback time at moderate volume levels and the speaker is IPX67 dust-proof and waterproof. The main strike against it is its price -- it would ideally cost around $80. But it's nicely designed, feels rugged and fits in a jacket pocket, weighing in it at 0.68 pound (308 grams). The Willen can be stood up vertically or laid down horizontally and has a built-in microphone for speakerphone calls. It comes in a couple of color options and can be linked wirelessly with other Willen speakers to augment the sound. Last year Bang & Olufsen upgraded its dome-shaped aluminum-clad A1 speaker with improved battery life, better speakerphone performance (it now has a three-microphone array) and slightly improved sound. It's not only the smallest wireless speaker from the Danish company, it's technically the most affordable. While the speaker drivers remain the same, the Qualcomm chipset that powers the speaker has been upgraded (the speaker uses Bluetooth 5.1), bumping the sound quality a tad, particularly at higher volumes, with better digital signal processing. It remains one of the best-sounding mini Bluetooth speakers, with richer, more tonally balanced sound than other Bluetooth speakers its size -- and it should sound good, considering its elevated price. It's also worth noting that the A1 has multipoint Bluetooth pairing so you can connect this to your PC and smartphone at the same time and easily switch back and forth between the two if a call comes in on your phone. Additionally, the smart speaker is Alexa-enabled, meaning you can activate Amazon's voice assistant by just saying, "Alexa.". Battery life is rated at up to 18 hours at 50% volume (the earlier A1 didn't live up to its battery life claims but this number is more accurate) and if you can afford it, you can link two A1 speakers to create a stereo pair. The speaker is waterproof with an IP67 rating, which means it can be submerged briefly in shallow water. Over the last few years, Tribit has made several Bluetooth speakers that deliver a lot of boom for the buck. Add its new XSound Mega to the list. Tribit is billing the XSound Mega as more of an outdoor speaker -- a lanyard is included for toting it around as a sort of mini boom box -- but it works just fine indoors. It has an LED light show that you can turn on or off and there are three EQ settings for sound: XBass, Music and Audiobook. Additionally, it can be used as a power bank to charge your mobile devices. In my tests, the speaker compared pretty favorably with more expensive speakers like the JBL Charge 5. There's plenty of bass and the speaker plays loud for its size, with decent clarity. That said, it's a mono speaker with a single driver and two bass radiators -- that's how you get all that bass. So while you can expect big sound, the soundstage doesn't feel all that wide, particularly at lower volumes. It actually sounds better at higher volumes. Watch this: JBL Boombox 2 vs. UE Hyperboom: Battle of the Portable Bluetooth Speakers. The JBL Bluetooth speaker that received the biggest improvements for 2021 is among the company's smallest. The JBL Go 3 has a completely new look -- it's now covered in durable fabric instead of having the naked plastic design of its Go predecessors -- and that new design coupled with surprisingly decent sound for its small size makes the Go 3 one of the top micro Bluetooth speakers out there. Available in multiple colors, this pick from our list of best Bluetooth speakers has an IP67 water-resistance rating (it can be dunked in water and is dust-proof). Battery life is rated at up to 5 hours. Although a little pricey and due to be upgraded, the Bose SoundLink Micro sounds remarkably decent for its tiny size, delivering more bass than other pocketable speakers. It's a fully waterproof Bluetooth speaker and available in three color options, although the blue version appears to be hard to find. While this model is truly pocket-size -- and that's certainly an appealing feature -- the bigger but still compact SoundLink Flex sounds significantly better and is also the better value though it costs more. In assessing what the best Bluetooth speakers are, we consider the design of the speaker, and particularly how durable it seems, along with sound quality and overall value. The list includes everything from compact mini models and pocket-size micro versions to heftier models with powerful audio. For more, check out our lists of the best smart speakers and the best Wi-Fi speakers and music systems. When choosing a Bluetooth speaker, what it really comes down to is size and price. If you're looking for a very portable speaker, you'll want to get something very compact, but remember that smaller speakers usually produce less sound and bass than larger ones. So while there are plenty of mini Bluetooth speakers that deliver bigger sound than you might expect, they do have their sonic limitations. For a lot of people it's a question of finding a speaker that's not too big or too small -- one that travels well but also is capable of producing good sound for its size. But finding the best portable Bluetooth speaker also comes down to your budget. Price can be a limiting factor. You may not want to spend $150 or more for a small speaker. Luckily, there are plenty of good options for $100, and some decent mini Bluetooth speakers can cost less than $50. Also, certain "value" brands that sell primarily on Amazon are strongly worth considering because they do offer a lot for the money. If you're looking for the best sound quality, as I said, bigger is usually better, and some larger portable Bluetooth speakers -- sometimes referred to as Bluetooth boom boxes -- can put out a lot of sound and have an integrated handle for toting them around. Well, first of all, you need a TV, video streaming device or set-top cable or satellite box that has Bluetooth. You connect a Bluetooth speaker just like you do Bluetooth earbuds: through the Bluetooth settings menu on your TV or those aforementioned devices (Apple TV, for instance, has Bluetooth connectivity, making it easy to connect your AirPods). The only issue with connecting a Bluetooth speaker to your TV is that there can be some audio-video syncing issues due to Bluetooth lag. In some cases, where your Bluetooth speaker has an audio input (a few high-end Bluetooth speakers even have digital audio inputs), you can use a wired connection to the speaker via the audio outputs on your TV. Soundbars tend to use the optical or HDMI connection on your TV to get sound. Many soundbars have a Bluetooth option so you can wirelessly stream music from your phone to the soundbar. The loudest Bluetooth speakers are the biggest ones. Sometimes they're referred to as boom boxes or "party" speakers. Some of those speakers are portable and have built-in rechargeable batteries while the biggest party speakers literally have wheels on them for transport and need to be plugged in with an AC adapter because they require so much power. We have a list of best wireless boom box speakers if you're looking for a bigger Bluetooth speaker. It's also worth noting that Bluetooth speakers from the same company can be daisy-chained together to augment their sound or paired together as a left-right stereo pair. Often, the best way to get bigger sound is to pair two Bluetooth speakers together in a stereo pair.

Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission. The joy of a good Bluetooth speaker is that you can listen to music anywhere without sacrificing great sound quality. But not all Bluetooth speakers are good. Some are so fragile that you’re nervous to actually take them out of your house, which defeats the purpose. Others sound great — with deep bass and clear vocals — but they have a short battery life or an overly complicated setup process. And the market is saturated with different shapes, sizes, and sounds, giving you hundreds of options to choose from at a variety of prices. I’ve been using Bluetooth speakers for nearly ten years and have tested several models over the last year. Based on my testing and that of former Strategist writer Jordan Bowman, combing through our archives for recommendations, and feedback from other Strategist staffers about their favorite speakers, I’ve rounded up the best options for anyone who likes to jam out at home, takes their tunes on the road, or enjoys a more old-school gadget without losing the latest features. The speaker’s weight will help determine how easy it is to carry around and varies widely; many models come in under one pound, but some can weigh up to about three pounds. Rugged speakers tend to weigh more, and smaller home-office speakers weigh less, though the smaller size may also result in a slight drop in sound quality. I’ve found that the ideal weight is about one pound; that’s big enough to project a good sound in a variety of spaces but small enough to throw into a bag for a trip. If you’re planning on not moving the speaker around much, or don’t mind hauling around the extra weight, bigger speakers may be worth the trade-off for better sound. Each speaker has an Ingress Protection rating, which tells you how much protection it has against water or solids like dust — an important consideration if you plan on taking your speaker on outdoor adventures. The higher the IP rating, the more resistant it is. The IP rating sometimes has two numbers, like IP57; the first indicates protection against solids like dust, and a rating of 1 would mean it’s only protected against accidental touches, while a rating of 5 means partial protection against dust and a 6 indicates full protection. The second indicates the degree of protection against liquids, with a rating of 1 only protecting against condensation and a rating of 6 signifying protection against strong jets of water. An “X” in place of a number signifies that the product is not protected in that class, so a rating of IPX7 indicates that it has resistance to water and can be submerged in up to 1 meter of water for 30 minutes (don’t try this at home), but there’s no protection against dust. The way a speaker sounds will lure you in, but the battery life will determine whether you continue to use it. Nothing is worse than hearing the low battery warning go off while you’re mid-jam session or just as the podcast you’re listening to is getting interesting. I looked for speakers with anything between a ten-hour and 20-hour battery life. Every speaker on this list can clock more than ten hours with decent recharge times. Naturally, larger speakers will have larger batteries, but even small speakers should offer over ten hours of battery life. Weight: 0.94 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IP67 | Battery life: 14 hours. UE’s Wonderboom speakers have long been a Strategist favorite, and the Wonderboom 3 is no different. Pairing is simple: All you have to do is hold the pairing button and it shows up in your phone or tablet’s Bluetooth menu immediately. It will connect immediately when powered back on. You can easily pair two Wonderbooms together for a stereo experience with a couple button pushes. For its size, the Wonderboom sounds surprisingly good, even at lower volumes. At louder levels, usually around 80 percent or higher, sounds can start to feel muddled, especially with genres like hip-hop or metal (I tested with Lil Wayne’s Tha Carter II and Lamb of God’s Sacrament), and the vocals can drown out instrumentals. It’s not enough to detract from how good the Wonderboom sounds, though. When kept below that threshold, songs sound as clear and vibrant as on other UE speakers such as the Boom. The Wonderboom 3 is larger than the Clip 4, so it’s slightly less portable, and its elastic loop is less effective than the JBL Clip 4’s metal clip for attaching it to things, but the speaker also produces clearer sound, likely owing to its larger size. Like the previous versions, the Wonderboom 3 is waterproof, so you can use it in the shower or even float it in the pool. It has a plastic door that covers the charging port when not in use to prevent water from sneaking in and mucking things up. It’s rugged enough to withstand the rough and tumble of being carried with you on your next vacation, or just getting moved from room to room. Weight: 0.81 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IPX7 | Battery life: 24 hours. Former Strategist writer Jordan Bowman, who tested this speaker, says that despite its budget price, “the Tribit XSound can almost compete with the JBL Clip 4 and the UE Wonderboom 2,” the previous version of our best overall pick. He notes that at higher levels there may be some distortion, but that concession will save you a few bucks. The XSound Go features a plastic shell that resembles the old Beats Pill rounded speaker, with simple controls for powering on and off, playing and pausing, and connecting with Bluetooth. While the XSound Go doesn’t sound as good as the slightly pricier Wonderboom 3, it’ll give you a battery life of up to 24 hours, which is higher than that of any other speaker we’ve tested. Weight: 0.53 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IP67 | Battery life: 10 hours. Most of these Bluetooth speakers are portable, but the Clip 4 is the lightest and smallest speaker we’ve tested, coming in at just over a half-pound. Despite that fact, its battery still lasts up to ten hours. It’s easy to underestimate the sound quality of a speaker as small as the Clip 4, and granted, it doesn’t sound quite as good as the Wonderboom 3, but it does the job adequately. In our testing, it managed to sound clear and vibrant even with outdoor sounds like waves and wind in the background. The clip design allows you to attach it to nearly anything — it holds on just as well to a hiking pack as it does a bike basket or shower rod. The speaker has rubber ribs on the back that allow you to place it flat on smooth surfaces without having to worry about it sliding all over the place. This makes sense because at peak volume, the Clip 4 is prone to significant shaking. The speaker is waterproof and dustproof, and it can withstand a few knocks against a hard surface. Weight: 1.51 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IPX4 | Battery life: 20 hours. Like most Marshall products, the 1.5-pound Emberton speaker has manual controls, but it also adds a circular joystick control to the mix. Move it to the right or left to skip songs, nudge it up or down to raise or lower the volume, or hold it down to power on or off. This might not seem like a game changer, but the delight that comes with this approach shows that good controls shouldn’t be an afterthought. If you like the way old-school guitar amps look, the Emberton will be right up your alley. The speaker is shaped like a brick, feels about as tough as one, and is covered in thick, protective silicone. It produces a full, immersive sound across all genres, whether it’s punk rock, reggae, or even a podcast. This is a great speaker with a 20-hour battery life (and a convenient LED that always displays how much battery is left) that’ll appeal to any music lovers who prefer a more retro aesthetic. Weight: 1.23 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IP67 | Battery life: 18 hours. Bang & Olufsen has always made products with superior sound, and the next-generation A1 is no exception. Like its predecessor, the latest version of the A1 produces sound with clarity you wouldn’t expect from a speaker this small. On several different albums, vocals came through even on songs with heavy bass. Bowman said, “The dustproof and waterproof Beosound doesn’t sacrifice loudness for clarity; it’s tuned just right.”. The Beosound has a battery life of up to 18 hours, and supports USB-C charging for an up-to-date cable setup (many like the Wonderboom still use micro-USB). It weighs just over a pound, but that’s mostly thanks to its tough metal shell and rubber base. Additionally, this speaker supports Alexa, if you like to keep your smarts with you wherever you go, but Bowman notes that in his testing, the voice assistant was a bit tedious to set up. Weight: 0.93 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IP67 | Battery life: 10 hours. If you want a Bluetooth speaker that’ll seamlessly integrate into your home-theater setup, the Sonos Roam is a great option. It’s about as portable as many of the other speakers we recommend, while also being able to pair to other Sonos devices like the One or Arc for a more full stereo sound. It supports both Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, so you can control it and the rest of your Sonos gear all with your voice. As for sound quality, Bowman notes that its sound quality was the crispest of any speaker he tested, with the best balance of bass and treble. Strategist senior editor Winnie Yang says, “We prefer the sound of the Roam with its flatter response to that of the similar-sized Bose Mini Soundlink, which we used previously and found was much more bass-heavy.” Additionally, Sonos has packed some nifty software into this speaker that will adapt its sound to your environment, so it’ll spread sound out more evenly when placed outdoors or tone down the bass in a smaller room so the rest of the sound doesn’t get drowned out. Paired with other Sonos devices, you can also quickly swap sound between two devices, like the Roam and a Sonos soundbar. Bowman says that its battery life is weaker than many of the other speakers we tested, but it’s also Qi compatible, so you can charge it wirelessly. Weight: 1.75 pounds | Dust and water resistance: IPXX | Battery life: 12 hours. The Tivoli Pal BT was seemingly designed in defiance of the modern Bluetooth speaker, trading low-profile buttons for three protruding knobs that you can twist and turn with surgical precision. And don’t bother calling Alexa or Siri or any other digital assistant — the Tivoli Pal isn’t compatible with them. Inspired by Tivoli’s classic Model One, a tabletop AM/FM radio, the Pal has been chopped and screwed and flipped vertically to combine a radio and a Bluetooth speaker in one sleek package. It is a beautiful machine that can be placed anywhere in your home. If you’re streaming music from a phone, it’s easy to pair to the speaker by pressing and holding a discreet Bluetooth button on the back. If you’d rather hear live radio — a feature that really sets the Pal apart — use the knobs on the front to find your desired station. No matter what you’re listening to, the Tivoli Pal produces a smooth sound with clear vocals and distinct bass and drums. It’s also capable of maintaining that wonderful sound at high volumes, where the output from lesser speakers can become a distorted mess. Bowman tested this speaker by playing the soulful leanings of Billy Preston, the matter-of-fact rapping of Vince Staples, and the laid-back pop of Benny Sings, and he says it always delivered excellent sound quality. It has a 12-hour battery life, a headphone jack, and a tiny antenna that is hidden in the back for better radio reception. While the Pal is one of the most expensive speakers on this list, it’s a worthwhile two-in-one purchase for anyone who loves listening to the radio or their music or podcast library in equal measure. Do note, though, that unlike the other speakers we recommend, the Tivoli isn’t rated for dust or water resistance, so it’s not an ideal model for taking along on adventures. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best acne treatments, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, natural anxiety remedies, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

Top Home Security Companies. Top Home Warranty Companies. Top Internet Service Providers. Top Medical Alert Systems. Top Life Insurance Companies. Top Home Insurance Companies. Top Car Insurance Companies. Top Renters Insurance Companies. Best Homeowners Insurance by State. Top Pet Insurance Companies. Top Small Business Insurance Companies. Top Refrigerator Companies. Top Washing Machine Companies. Top Air Purifier Companies. Top Air Fryer Companies. Top Identity Theft Protection Companies. Top Antivirus Companies. Top Password Manager Companies. Top Streaming Services. Top Appliance Coupons. Other Top Coupon Codes. U.S. News 360 Reviews takes an unbiased approach to our recommendations. When you use our links to buy products, we may earn a commission but that in no way affects our editorial independence. U.S. News 360 Reviews takes an unbiased approach to our recommendations. When you use our links to buy products, we may earn a commission but that in no way affects our editorial independence. Buying a home security system can be confusing, but we're here to help. We've researched the Best Home Security Systems of 2023 to help you choose a system that provides the protection you and your family need while fitting within your budget. The Best Home Security Systems of 2023 include:. At U.S. News & World Report, we take an unbiased approach to our ratings. We adhere to strict editorial guidelines, maintain a separate business team, and provide transparency on our methodology. At U.S. News & World Report, we take an unbiased approach to our ratings. We adhere to strict editorial guidelines, maintain a separate business team, and provide transparency on our methodology. See our full methodology. Best Professionally Installed Home Security System of 2023. Offer: use code USDEAL for free pro install + 1 month free monitoring. Most Experience and Largest Monitoring Network. Best Home Security System of 2023. Easy-to-Install DIY System with Professional Monitoring. Best for Smart Home Integration. Best Professionally Installed Home Security System of 2023. Offer: use code USDEAL for free pro install + 1 month free monitoring. Most Experience and Largest Monitoring Network. Best Home Security System of 2023. Home security systems continue to evolve, offering increasingly high-tech but more affordable components. This enables consumers to choose a customized setup that provides peace of mind while protecting people and property. Options include the ability to connect with smart home devices, opt for glass break and temperature sensors, as well as install cameras to monitor indoor and outdoor activity. Depending on your wants and needs, a home security system can be DIY or professionally installed and self-monitored or professionally monitored. Understanding the differences can make it easier to pick the right system to secure your home. Doesn't lock you into a contract. Limited integration with home automation equipment. Some competitors offer lower monitoring costs. Limited camera selection. SimpliSafe, our Best Overall Home Security System of 2023, is a top choice for people who want to install their own wireless system and self-monitor, as it also takes the top spot in our Best DIY, Best Self-Monitored, and Best Wireless Home Security Systems of 2023. Renters who need only the minimum should consider SimpliSafe’s basic kit, The Foundation, which places No. 1 in our Best Home Security Systems for Renters of 2023. Because the self-monitoring option requires no monthly fee, SimpliSafe is also a reasonably priced option, requiring only the purchase of hardware and self-installation that the company says takes an average of 30 minutes or less. The SimpliCam outdoor camera offers the unique feature of visual verification of alarms. SimpliSafe is ideal for the DIYer looking for a self-monitoring system using a mobile app, with the option of no monthly fees or contracts, as well as those who like a varied roster of home security kits and the choice of an indoor or outdoor camera. It’s not the cheapest option, nor does it have Z-wave compatibility or integrate with many smart home devices currently, but SimpliSafe does offer upgrades to professional monitoring and add-ons of components, including glass break, temperature, water, smoke and carbon monoxide detectors; panic buttons; and video doorbells. Prices for SimpliSafe home security kits start at $244.96 for the basic hardware package called The Foundation, which includes the base station, keypad, one motion detector and one entry sensor. The most expensive kit is The Haven ($504.86), featuring the base station, keypad, two motion detectors, four entry sensors, a wireless siren, a panic button, a water sensor, a smoke detector, and a key fob. SimpliSafe rates No. 9 in our Best Home Security Cameras of 2023 with its SimpliCam, a wired indoor camera that features a 120-degree field of view, motion-activated recording, and night vision. SimpliSafe’s wireless indoor SimpliCam camera costs $99. It recognizes human heat signatures and offers 24/7 free live streaming and motion alerts. It is the only camera in our home security rating with a mechanical privacy shutter that can be opened and closed using the app. SimpliSafe does not have contracts for any of its monitoring services, which range in monthly price from $9.99 to $27.99 (self-monitoring is free). The company offers a 60-day trial period on its hardware. Read more in our SimpliSafe review. Offer: use code USDEAL for free pro install + 1 month free monitoring. Offer professional installation. Highly customizable smart packages. App and touchscreen hub controls. Higher base costs than many alternatives. Subscription required for live monitoring. Vivint Home Security System(USN&WR). Vivint is No. 1 in our Best Professionally Installed Home Security Systems of 2023 rating. The company’s multi-step installation process is more intensive than some. It begins with a phone consultation with one of the company’s Smart Home Pros, who will help you customize a system specific to your home, including security features, and smart-home options such as lighting and thermostats controls. After selecting equipment, a professional installation is scheduled, the cost of which is included in your final price. Vivint offers a wall-mounted hub, which is not typical for home security base stations. The company also offers the capacity to host all smart devices on one platform. Vivint ties for No. 2 in our Best Home Security System With Outdoor Cameras. Its outdoor camera has a night vision range of 55 feet, which is longer than others in our rating, and it also sports the unique features of light and siren activation to scare off potential intruders. Vivint also ties for No. 2 in our Best Wireless Home Security Systems, with advanced capabilities such as shutting off the HVAC system and signaling the hub if it detects smoke or carbon monoxide. Who Vivint Will Appeal To? Vivint is ideal for the person who prefers a professionally installed system (no DIY available) and a significant amount of support through a customized equipment-selection process. Because installation is part of the package, though, Vivint does offer one of the more expensive home security systems. In addition, Vivint requires a phone consultation to determine the pricing, which makes comparing systems a bit more time-consuming. Vivint Plans and Equipment. Vivint requires a minimum $599.99 equipment purchase. The company offers financing subject to approval with a third-party financing partner. Installation fees range from $49 to $199, and monitoring starts at $19.99 per month. Prices for systems beyond the minimum equipment purchase are based on customized systems and chosen equipment. Vivint ties for No. 2 with Frontpoint in our Best Home Security Systems With Outdoor Cameras of 2023. The camera is the only one in our rating that requires professional installation, but it offers light and siren activation to deter intruders, as well as a night vision range of 55 feet, the longest of any in our rating. Read more in our Vivint review. 25% off + $129 Starter Pack. Wide selection of devices. Full cellular alarm coverage. Month-to-month contract. Expensive monitoring plan. No self-monitoring option. Not Apple HomeKit compatible. Why Choose Frontpoint? Frontpoint comes in at No. 2 in our rating of the Best DIY Home Security Systems, and ties for No. 2 in Best Home Security System for Renters, Best Home Security System with Outdoor Cameras, and Best Wireless Home Security Systems. Frontpoint offers convenient DIY installation with step-by-step instructions that correspond to equipment packaged in boxes and labeled with the step number. It also offers a follow-along Setup Wizard app. Smart home integrations mean you can use the mobile app to turn lights on and off or turn up the heat from a remote location. Frontpoint partners with Alarm.com, the same company that supplies Brinks Home Security and other independent pro installers, to provide a wide range of pro-grade hardware options that can be purchased individually or in base kits. Frontpoint also includes a 3-year warranty on all devices, the longest warranty in our ratings. The company offers full cellular alarm coverage and a month-to-month professional monitoring contract. Who Frontpoint Will Appeal To? Frontpoint will appeal to the DIYer who wants a professionally monitored wireless system (no self-monitoring available) and affordable equipment, as well as those seeking smart home integration options and a flexible base kit with a wide selection of sensors. Also, Frontpoint is not compatible with Apple HomeKit. Frontpoint Plans and Equipment. The cheapest kit from Frontpoint, The Safehouse, costs $392.40 and includes the hub and keypad, two door/window sensors, one motion sensor, one doorbell camera, and a home defense kit (yard sign, window and door decals), as well as professional monitoring. Equipment can be purchased individually at a lower cost. Frontpoint’s most expensive system is The Fortress priced at $797.88. This option includes everything in The Safehouse, plus four more door/window sensors for a total of six, and an additional motion sensor for a total of two. It also includes an indoor camera, a heat and smoke sensor, and a doorbell camera. Frontpoint ties for No. 2 in our Best Home Security Systems With Outdoor Cameras of 2023, and although the bundled equipment packages don’t include an outdoor camera, you can add one for $139.99. The camera connects via Wi-Fi but doesn’t have a rechargeable battery like Cove and SimpliSafe devices. Read more in our Frontpoint review. Can customize service to suit exact needs. Seamless home automation integration. Wide selection of hardware. No professional installation option. Requires 3-year contract unless you pay for hardware. Hardware and monitoring fees are pricier than other DIY services. Why Choose Link Interactive? Link Interactive is a user-friendly DIY system with a vast selection of hardware that allows you to choose which components you need, including a variety of control panels. Link Interactive’s equipment allows for extensive home automation integration, including garage door controllers, deadbolt locks, and thermostats. All of its devices are wireless. The Smoke/Heat/Freeze Sensor can monitor up to a radius of 35 feet and is customizable to monitor smoke, heat, and freezing temperatures individually or in any combination. Some of its sensors and motion detectors use simple peel-and-stick mounting, which make for simple installation. Doorbell cameras and other devices that require installation are a bit more involved, but they come with detailed instructions to help with the setup process. Link also has professionals to guide you through the installation process over the phone if you get stuck. Who Link Interactive Will Appeal To? Link Interactive is a good choice for the tech-savvy DIYer (no professional installation is available) who wants a truly customizable security system that pulls from a wide selection of hardware, all of which allow for seamless home automation integration. The system requires professional monitoring with a long-term contract, so it’s not for those looking to self-monitor or wanting to avoid a commitment. The cost of a Link Interactive system depends entirely on the equipment chosen. Smart panels serve as the base station and start at $335. Door and window sensors cost $24 each, and motion detectors are $55 apiece. A flood sensor costs $40, a carbon monoxide detector is $92, and the smoke/heat/freeze sensor is $75. The cheapest professional monitoring plan is $30.99 a month, which does not include home automation. For that, you’ll need to upgrade to at least the mid-tier plan at $39.99 a month. The most expensive monthly plan costs $47.99 a month and includes home automation and high-definition (HD) video monitoring. Link Interactive is No. 4 in our Best Home Security Systems With Outdoor Cameras of 2023, with an outdoor security camera that costs $230, more expensive than many other systems in our rating. Read more in our Link Interactive review. Affordably priced hardware. Offers DIY installation. No self-monitoring option. Cove Home Security System(USN&WR). Cove offers affordably priced hardware that’s easy for customers to install themselves using step-by-step instructional videos online, supported by notably responsive customer service. Cove rates No. 4 in our Best DIY Home Security System of 2023. Creating a Cove system is also DIY. Customers fill out an online questionnaire to assess their needs and then choose components based on the answers. Cove’s sensors, environmental detectors, and motion detectors are all wireless and have peel-and-stick mounting. One of Cove’s unique options is a wearable medical alert button that allows the monitoring system to contact dispatchers with your location. Another is Cove’s LiveAssist, which allows customers to speak directly with a person through the system’s hub by pushing a button. Cove’s system also integrates with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant. Who Cove Will Appeal To? Cove’s system will work well for those who seek an easy, reasonably priced DIY setup with customizable components and for those who prefer professional monitoring but don’t want a contract (no self-monitoring available). Cove Plans and Equipment. Cove’s selection of equipment, though limited, is very affordable. Cove has no service contracts and allows you to try out its security system for 60 days. A Cove Touch Alarm Panel costs $249, while door and window sensors are $15 apiece. Smoke/carbon monoxide detectors cost $55. The company’s indoor camera is $99, and its outdoor camera is $199. These prices are similar to those of other home security companies that offer DIY systems. You can choose to install Cove’s system yourself or pay for professional installation, which starts at $79. Cove offers two monitoring tiers, Cove Basic ($17.99 per month) and Cove Plus ($27.99 per month). Both feature professional monitoring, but with Plus, you can access camera footage or Cove’s smart-home integration features. There is no self-monitoring option. Cove is No. 5 in our Best Home Security Systems With Outdoor Cameras of 2023; options include one indoor camera, one outdoor camera, and two doorbell cameras, all of which can be connected to the system by scanning their QR codes with a smartphone. Read more in our Cove Security review. No-monthly fee, self-monitoring options. Kits offer potential discounts. Limited integration beyond Amazon products. Cloud video storage requires a subscription. Why Choose Ring Alarm? Ring Alarm’s robust roster of camera options is a standout among our home security systems, with five of its cameras garnering top ratings in our Best Home Security Cameras of 2023. Ring Alarm is easily installed and requires no annual contract or monthly fees, and self-monitoring is free. Ring is rated No. 2 in our Best Self-Monitored Home Security System of 2023 and No. 3 in our Cheapest Overall Home Security System of 2023. It also ties for No. 2 in our Best No-Monthly Fee Home Security System, rates No. 3 in our Cheapest Home Security System with Outdoor Camera of 2023, and No. 5 in both our Best DIY Home Security System and Best Home Security System for Renters. Who Ring Alarm Will Appeal To? Ring Alarm is a good choice for those looking for a large variety of top-rated camera options. It offers a wide range of indoor and outdoor cameras, including outdoor versions with lights. It also boasts an extensive component selection, which is ideal for large homes that need kits with numerous sensors. Ring Alarm is also a top choice for the DIYer, as most of Ring’s equipment is peel-and-place, using double-sided tape to stick to surfaces. Those who prefer to self-monitor will appreciate that Ring imposes no monthly or activation fees, and that overall, Ring has one of the least expensive base costs in our Best Home Security Systems of 2023 rating, making it a potentially sound option for those on a budget. Ring partners with Amazon and integrates with that company's Alexa and Echo devices. Ring Alarm Plans and Equipment. Ring’s lowest-priced security system is its five-piece starter kit for $199.99, which includes the base station, keypad, a range extender for amplifying signals, a contact sensor, and a motion detector. The kit can be fully integrated with other Ring sensors, including a window and door contact sensor for $19.99 and a motion detector for $29.99. Ring’s most expensive option is its 13-piece Alarm Pro for $524.89, which includes a keypad, eight contact sensors, and two motion detectors, as well as an Eero Wi-Fi 6 router and an Eero 6 Wi-Fi extender. Ring offers professional monitoring services, branded as Ring Protect Pro, for $20 per month. However, if you want to save money, Ring’s services automatically support self-monitoring, free of charge. Regardless of which base system and monitoring option you select, Ring stands out for its variety of camera options, such as its Spotlight Cam, Floodlight Cam, and Indoor Cam, so if video monitoring is important to you, Ring may be a good option. Read more in our Ring Alarm review. Numerous devices and equipment options. Compatible with nearly all smart home ecosystems. Flexible plans for professional monitoring or optional self-monitoring. Pro Plan required for advanced features. Professional installation cost not included. Abode is an affordable, easy-to-use home security system that doesn't require a monthly fee. Started by a former ADT executive seeking to “disrupt” the traditional security company market, Abode lets homeowners install and monitor their systems themselves. Abode can integrate with Apple HomeKit, Google Nest, and Alexa Smart Home (Amazon), so it can be controlled by Siri, Google Assistant, and Alexa, which makes it a smart choice if home integration is high on your list of must-haves. The voice assistants can monitor your security system and can even control locks and alarms. One unique feature Abode offers is its on-demand professional monitoring service: Homeowners can activate professional monitoring in three- and seven-day increments, ideal for vacations or business trips where you aren’t around to keep an eye on things yourself. Abode ties for No. 2 in both our Best Self-Monitored Home Security System and Best No-Monthly Fee Home Security System, as well as No. 4 in Cheapest Home Security System with Outdoor Camera and No. 5 in Cheapest Overall Home Security System of 2023. Who Abode Will Appeal To? Abode’s numerous devices and equipment options are compatible with nearly all smart home ecosystems. Its flexible plans for professional monitoring or optional self-monitoring are best suited for the DIYer who wants total control over component choices and an affordable customized system, as well as those who don’t want a long-term contract. People with larger homes may find that the small starter kit and number of add-ons required makes Abode less affordable than other well-regarded systems. Abode Plans and Equipment. Abode’s Smart Security Kit costs $279 and is designed for single-family homes. It includes the Gateway, a smart security hub that can be hidden out of sight. The Iota costs $329 and features an all-in-one system designed for apartments and condos, with both a camera and motion sensor built into the hub. Abode’s self-monitoring option is free, which gives customers access to immediate alerts and live video feeds. The Standard Plan costs $6 per month and includes self-monitoring and home automation access for unlimited users. The Pro Plan costs $19.80 per month and includes the features of the Standard Plan, plus 24/7 professional monitoring and cellular back-up and better integrations with home automation and smart devices. The company also offers a 30-day trial period for its security plans and a one-year warranty on all of its products. Abode does not require professional installation for its products, but those who choose to go that route can expect to pay up to $100 depending on which system elements require installation. Read more in our Abode review. Largest professional monitoring network. Six-month money-back guarantee. High-quality, professional installation. Most expensive home security company on our list. Requires a 36-month contract. Does not offer DIY installation. Why Choose ADT Security? ADT Security is the largest professional monitoring network in the U.S. and has been in business for over 100 years, even patenting the first automated burglar alarm system. It rates No. 2 in our Best Professionally Installed Home Security Systems and No. 3 in our Cheapest Pro-Installed Home Security Systems of 2023. ADT is known for its rapid-response call center, 12 monitoring call centers nationwide, and hundreds of local offices and dealers. These factors could make ADT significantly more reliable than small or local security companies, especially regarding customer service, professional installation, and monitoring. The company offers three main home security packages and also builds custom systems for its customers. Its systems can connect to more than 150 smart home devices with the ADT Control smartphone app. Who ADT Security Will Appeal To? ADT is a solid choice for those looking for high-quality devices and professional installation from a company with a high-profile brand and years of experience. It is also ideal for those looking for a variety of home integrations, as you can connect more than 150 smart home devices, including Z-Wave, Kwikset, Sonos, Apple TV, and Google. However, ADT is the most expensive security company on our list, and with DIY installation not being an option, it might not be the best choice for those on a budget. ADT Security Plans and Equipment. ADT offers three primary home security system packages, each of which may be customized to fit your needs with additional features and equipment. The Secure Home is the cheapest at $599 for equipment and installation, and includes a digital control panel, three alarms, a motion detector, and professional installation. (24/7 alarm monitoring is an additional $45.99 per month.) The Smart Home package costs $919 for equipment and installation. It adds smart home connectivity and the ability to use your system remotely with the help of the ADT Control app (24/7 monitoring for this system is an additional $49.99 per month). ADT’s most expensive package is the Video & Smart Home, which starts at $1,049 for equipment and adds in an HD indoor camera, a video doorbell camera, and the ability to connect additional cameras and smart devices. (24/7 monitoring for this system is an extra $57.99 per month.) ADT requires a 36-month contract for each of its packages and offers a six-month money-back guarantee. Read more in our ADT Security review. Medical alert system that includes wearable pendant. Offers DIY installation. Custom equipment packages. High monthly monitoring cost. Requires a 3-year contract. Doesn’t offer home automation technology. Why Choose Alder Security? Alder Security rates as our Best DIY System With Cellular Monitoring, making it a good option for those seeking a professionally monitored system they can customize and install themselves. It offers a varied selection of components and add-ons, including indoor and outdoor security cameras, motion, door, and window sensors, and environmental detectors for fires and floods. Alder also offers professional monitoring for intrusion, fire, flood, carbon monoxide, and medical emergencies. Alder also offers a medical alert system worn on a cord. The company’s wireless YI Kami outdoor camera comes equipped with enhanced night vision to provide color pictures at night and uses artificial intelligence (AI) detection to differentiate between people and animals. Who Alder Security Will Appeal To? Alder Security could be a good choice for homeowners or renters who want a system they can install themselves, as well as seniors or others who need a medical alert system that includes a wearable pendant. DIYers will appreciate their customizable system with a setup the company says takes less than 15 minutes to install. Alder also offers tutorials for setting up medical pendants, glass break detectors, and other hardware through its YouTube channel. Because the system has a high monthly monitoring cost ($49.99 per month) and requires a 3-year contract, Alder may not be good for those on a budget. Alder Security Plans and Equipment. Alder doesn’t publicize pricing for its collection of hardware. Customers can start the quote process by going to the company’s website and answering a series of questions. Alder will ask for the property type (house, apartment, condo or townhouse) and then determine the consumer’s hardware needs based on the type of monitoring desired. You’ll need to provide contact information or contact Alder directly via its toll free number to receive an actual quote. Alder equipment is covered by a 1-year warranty and the company offers a 30-day trial period for customers to test the system. Alder offers professional monitoring for $49.99 per month, which is higher than average, and a 3-year contract is required. Read more in our Alder Security review. Allows many smart home integrations. Includes self-monitoring and professional monitoring options. Provides professional installation. No DIY installation option. No free self-monitoring plan. Why Choose Xfinity Home? Xfinity Home rates No. 3 in our Best Professionally Installed Home Security Systems of 2023 and No. 4 in Best Self-Monitored Home Security Systems of 2023. The professionally installed system offers both self-monitoring and professional monitoring options, as well as numerous smart home integrations, garnering it the Best for Integrating Multiple Home Services distinction. Xfinity’s camera features a rare artificial intelligence capability to tag videos based on whether people, animals, or cars are detected. Xfinity’s platform is also compatible with more than 10 different smart home brands, including Yale and August door locks, Philips Hue lighting, Tile trackers, and Ecobee thermostats. You can also integrate Xfinity’s system with voice assistants like Alexa or Google Assistant. Who Xfinity Home Will Appeal To? Xfinity will appeal to those who want a system installed by certified professionals, but may not be the best option for budget-seeking DIYers who will find that there is no self-installation option. In addition, the cheapest kit is more expensive than many other companies’ systems. Both free self-monitoring and several levels of professional monitoring are available, and the system can be integrated with many smart home devices. Existing Xfinity customers will appreciate the ability to lower costs by bundling the home security system with other Xfinity services, including phone plans, internet, and streaming. Xfinity Home Plans and Equipment. Xfinity Home offers three home security kits that include a touch-screen hub and a selection of sensors. All systems are customizable with a variety of add-on security products, including indoor/outdoor cameras, smoke detectors, and automated outlet controllers. The Base Home System for smaller homes with one or two entrances is the cheapest at $360 and includes a touch-screen hub, three door/window sensors, and a pet-friendly motion sensor that is able to ignore pets 85 pounds or smaller. The most expensive kit, the Ultimate Home System ($600) provides a total of 10 door/window sensors, two Xfinity indoor/outdoor cameras, a wireless keypad for manually arming/disarming the system, and Xfinity’s high-definition indoor/outdoor camera in addition to all of the features in the Base Home package. Professional installation includes an in-person tutorial on how to use the system. Installation fees can range from $60 to $99, depending on your location. Xfinity’s month-to-month monitoring subscription options range from free self-monitoring to a $10-a-month Self-Protection Plan, to the Pro Protection Plus for $40 that includes more searchable video and extra cloud storage. There are no contracts with Xfinity Home monitoring plans, and the company offers a 30-day free trial. Read more in our Xfinity Home review. Affordable equipment and professional monitoring. Numerous equipment options. Limited smart home integration. Professional installation is expensive. Wyze is No. 1 in our Best Cheap Home Security Systems of 2023, with a variety of affordable equipment and reasonably priced professional monitoring, as well as a self-monitoring option. Wyze began as a home automation and smart device company and expanded its offerings to home security. Its app makes connecting with its other smart home devices a simple process through wireless keypads, sensors, and detectors. Wyze offers both indoor and outdoor surveillance cameras with color night vision and infrared sensors to reduce false alerts. It also offers a paired floodlight and camera as well as a door camera with two-way speaker and radio to communicate with delivery drivers. Who Wyze Will Appeal To? Wyze is best for budget-minded consumers and DIYers who are looking for a wide variety of low-priced equipment and monitoring services, as well as those who want to connect with existing Wyze products and smart devices. Note that Wyze’s professional installation partner OnTech is pricey. Also, Wyze integrates with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant but not with Apple HomeKit. Wyze’s Sense Hub can handle up to 100 different sensors and five cameras, as well as multiple keypads if you need multiple doors covered making it ideal for larger homes. Wyze Plans and Equipment. Wyze offers base kits starting at $79.99 and professional monitoring as low as $9.99 a month, or $99.99 a year. Wyze also offers a basic self-monitoring system sold a la carte that requires an individual Wyze Sense Hub, along with motion detectors and/or door and window sensors. Wyze’s Sense Hub sells for $29.99, and a three-pack of door and window entry sensors costs $23.99. Additional motion detector sensors cost $8.99 each, and a motion detector video doorbell goes for $42.99, or $58.99 with chime. Wyze’s Cam Pan, which costs $43.99, ties at No. 4 for Best Home Security Cameras of 2023 and also earned it Best Budget Security Camera With Google Assistant honors. Wyze offers month-to-month contracts with a 30-day trial period and one-year warranty. Professional installation is not required but is available for an additional fee of $129.99 for basic device installation. Installation pricing increases with the number of devices you require. Read more in our Wyze review. Offers both DIY and professional installation options. Allows users to control the system remotely via mobile app. Integrates with smart home devices. Requires three-year contract. Expensive monthly monitoring plans. No self-monitoring option. Why Choose Brinks Home Security? Brinks Home Security offers professional monitoring only, but gives you the option for user-friendly DIY installation. Professional reviewers have stated that the company offers excellent phone support for self-installers – which garnered kudos from us as the Simple DIY System With Great Customer Service – as well as professional installation services. Everything runs through the Brinks Home Hub, a wall-mounted touch-screen panel that doubles as a glass-break sensor. Who Brinks Home Security Will Appeal To? Brinks Home Security is a good fit for DIYers who want easy installation with peel-and-stick sensors, those who like to control the system remotely through the mobile app, and those who long to integrate the system with smart home devices. Professional installation is available as well, and some customers may qualify for a reduced rate. Brinks requires a three-year contract and the monthly monitoring plans are expensive (no self-monitoring option), and so it may not be the best choice for budget-minded consumers. Brinks Security Plans and Equipment. Brinks doesn’t publish pricing for its plans or hardware, so you’ll need to contact the company to get a price quote after a representative asks you about your home and security needs. Brinks’ plan packages include a Starter Package with the IQ 2.0 control panel, a wireless motion detector, and two wireless door sensors. Its Premium Package adds a doorbell camera, wireless motion detector, and two wireless door sensors to the Starter, and its Premium Plus Package includes the IQ 2.0 control panel and another wireless door sensor, a doorbell camera, and an outdoor camera. Brinks also offers a replace-or-repair protection plan for its hardware for $5 a month. Brinks offers monitoring plans, but the company doesn’t publish information about them. We contacted Brinks and found that the basic professional monitoring service costs $44.99 per month, placing it among the pricier systems in our ratings. Brinks requires you to make a three-year commitment when purchasing its security system. However, you have 30 days to try out the system before being locked in to the contract. Brinks doesn’t offer a self-monitoring option. Read more in our Brinks Home Security review. Offers DIY installation. Affordable package options are limited with few devices. Fewer device integration options. Poorly-reviewed mobile app performance. Why Choose ADT Self Setup?ADT Self Setup (formerly “Blue by ADT”) is an affordable DIY security system and a good choice for those who want free self-monitoring. In 2019, ADT, the largest and oldest security company in the U.S., purchased LifeShield’s DIY security company, merging to create ADT Self Setup. ADT Self Setup is backed by ADT’s household security name but offers an affordable system with the option to self-monitor. It rates No. 2 in both our Cheapest Home Security Systems and Cheapest Home Security Systems With Outdoor Camera of 2023, No. 4 in Best No-Monthly Fee Home Security Systems, and No. 5 in Best Self-Monitored Security Systems. Who ADT Self Setup Will Appeal To? Because ADT Self Setup offers DIY installation, free self-monitoring, and no contracts, it will work well for those looking to build their own system, budget-conscious shoppers, and renters or frequent movers. Note that the affordable package choices are limited, and there are fewer device integration options. ADT Self Setup Plans and Equipment. ADT Self Setup offers build-your-own systems starting at $179.99. Prepackaged kits start at $219.99 for the Starter System and go up to $419.99 for the premium system. Professional monitoring is available for $19.99 a month – one of the lowest of our Best Home Security Systems of 2023 rating – with no contracts. Self-monitoring with ADT Self Setup is free. Read more in our ADT Self Setup review. AI-enabled professional monitoring. Ability to set privacy times. Solar and battery accessories. Limited equipment available. Subscription required. Why Choose Deep Sentinel? Deep Sentinel offers a surveillance camera-focused home security system that requires its LiveSentinel professional monitoring system, which alerts remote guards when the AI detects unexpected humans. A monitoring center employee then contacts police and issues a warning through the system directly to the intruder. Deep Sentinel’s intensive video camera surveillance and outdoor cameras that can withstand harsh conditions earned it our recognition for Camera-Focused Home Security Systems. The Deep Sentinel app supports live feed viewing, two-way audio communication, and cloud storage for recorded video for 32 days or longer in the case of a professional response. The company also offers solar and battery accessories. Who Deep Sentinel Will Appeal To? Deep Sentinel is geared toward the person looking for intensive camera monitoring with fast professional responses rather than a system based on sensors or monitors, because there are none available. It will also appeal to those who want to go the DIY route, with installation taking an estimated 30 minutes per camera. The outdoor cameras can withstand harsh conditions, so this is also a good choice for those who live in areas with severe weather or heavily fluctuating temperatures. This subscription-only, professional monitoring system is also not for those who want to self-monitor. Deep Sentinel Plans and Equipment. To begin the process of purchasing Deep Sentinel home security services, start by calling for a quote. Deep Sentinel’s website provides examples of security kits that homeowners can choose from, including one security camera and its associated hub starting at $399. Each camera is equipped with a motion detector, two-way audio, night vision, water resistance for outdoor use, and AI technology to identify humans and ignore incidents like wandering pets or falling leaves. The most expensive kit option is the 6-Camera Kit for $1,149, which includes six Deep Sentinel cameras and their security hubs, along with the mounting equipment to install them. Deep Sentinel recommends this package for larger homes. A subscription is required to use Deep Sentinel cameras. The initial contract term is for one year, with options for monthly or annual payments. Buyers have the option to return products within the first 30 days for a full refund. Along with the security camera packages, Deep Sentinel also offers two accessories: a Wi-Fi range extender to broaden coverage up to 1,000 square feet ($30) and a Solar Charger Kit with an extreme temperature battery for harsh conditions ($88). Systems can be self-installed (estimated installation time is 30 minutes for one camera), while professional installation can cost between $100 and $150 per hour for labor. Read more in our Deep Sentinel review. Offers DIY installation. Broad home automation compatibility. No free self-monitoring options. No professional installation. No dedicated outdoor camera at this time. Why Choose Scout Alarm? Scout Alarm offers a fully DIY system with extensive home automation compatibility, including Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, Hue, IFTTT, Lifx, Yale, First Alert, Kwikset, and Yale, and a choice between self-monitoring (fee required) and professional monitoring plans. The Scout Alarm platform allows users to create custom alerts, grant temporary access via the app, and review individual triggered sensors to decide on further action. Scout Alarm does not require a contract, but it does offer two monitoring plan options. Who Scout Alarm Will Appeal To? Scout Alarm is suitable for the confident, budget-conscious DIYer who prefers to build or pick an affordable home security system that requires monitoring. Those looking for extensive third-party compatibility with a wide variety of platforms will appreciate Scout’s lengthy roster of integration options. There are no contracts required, as customers pay on a monthly basis. The company offers only self-installation, but no free self-monitoring and no outdoor security camera currently. Scout Alarm Plans and Equipment. With Scout Alarm, you can choose a prepackaged plan or build your own plan. Scout Packs start with the small starter kit for $229. This kit includes:. The Architect Pack for $549 includes everything in the starter kit, including:. If you want to build your own system, you will have to start with the Scout Hub, which costs $120. Then you can add on products, such as the $50 door panel access point and the $99 video doorbell. If you choose DIY installation, then your devices will be shipped directly to you. Scout Alarm doesn’t require contracts and has two monitoring plans. Always On is $9.99 per month and has a multitude of features, including 4G cellular and battery backup, push notifications, and the ability to purchase more storage for $2.99 per month. Always On+ is $19.99 per month and includes all the features from Always On, plus 24/7 professional monitoring. All systems come with a 60-day full return policy and a three-year warranty on its products. Read more in our Scout Alarm review. Can assist with filing a police report, especially if an incident was captured on video. Can secure a discount on your homeowners insurance. Provides peace of mind. Installation can be complicated and expensive. Many companies charge a monthly monitoring fee. A determined burglar can still break in. Police might not respond any faster or catch the criminal. Remote monitoring and cameras can present privacy concerns. A home security system can both detect intruders and scare them away before they break in. Research from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte conducted by Professor Joe Kuhns of the Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology found that if an intruder sees a security camera, they often will choose another target. According to research involving randomly selected, incarcerated people convicted of burglary in Kentucky, Ohio, and North Carolina:. Other researchers found less crime in public areas monitored by security cameras and that suspects were easier to apprehend. About 60% of incarcerated burglars say that whether there was an alarm system on the premises factored heavily in choosing a target. A home security system uses a variety of components to detect and record intruders, including security cameras, motion sensors, glass-break detectors, etc. Systems with a monitoring plan also will automatically call the monitoring center, which can dispatch the authorities if necessary. After the fact, video camera footage can help the authorities investigate the incident. In addition to home protection, a home security system can save money on homeowners insurance. Insurance Information Institute Director of Media Relations Scott Holeman says discounts can range from 5% to 20% depending on the company. It also will be much easier to document a claim if your cameras recorded an actual incident or resulting damage to your property. Still, a determined intruder can still get in if they want to. Moreover, professional monitoring doesn't guarantee that police will respond right away – or possibly even at all. Police departments grow weary of false alarms generated by security systems and often ignore them as a result. Even so, a good home security system provides an extra layer of protection and peace of mind. “The only person who shouldn't have one is someone who can't afford it," says Doug Huey, co-owner of Executive Security Consultants, which specializes in home security systems. "We no longer even have to convince most people that they need one.". More and more people are installing home security systems, especially those that can be integrated with smart home devices and controlled with a mobile app. Research firm Parks Associates reports that 67% of security system owners, which constitute 20% of all U.S. households with broadband internet, own home security systems capable of being controlled remotely. Parks Associates also reports that 34% of households in the U.S. with broadband internet have installed a home security system. In addition, 30% own at least one smart home device that's connected to the internet, like a refrigerator, washer, or dryer. “DIY smart home and security products have made average consumers more comfortable with [connected] devices in the home," Parks Associates said in a press release. "Connectivity and interactivity, which will evolve to include compatibility, are becoming standards when considering new hardware purchases.” MENAFN, another research firm, predicts that the market for residential security systems will be worth $77.94 billion by 2025. This would represent an 8.8% growth rate from 2017 to 2025, compounded annually. Home security systems are also becoming more popular as the market for smart home devices that can be connected to them grows. An industry forecast reports the smart home market will be worth $191 billion by 2026. Security systems, heating, lighting, and other devices that can be remotely operated are becoming more popular because they provide convenience. Disposable incomes are getting higher in many parts of the world, as is the percentage of households with internet access. Plus, there's a greater emphasis on saving energy to fight climate change and living healthier lifestyles. And overall, smart home devices themselves are becoming more affordable. For more information, see Why Get a Home Security System? When purchasing a home security system, take the following steps:. For more information, see How to Buy a Home Security System. When buying a home security system, the first choice you have to make is whether to get one that's professionally installed or one that you have to install yourself. Professional installation will save you time but cost extra money, while DIY systems typically only require an activation fee. However, if you don’t have the time or skills to set a home security system up on your own, the savings may not be worth it. For more information, see Professionally Installed vs. DIY Home Security Systems. Pro-Installed vs. DIY Home Security Systems: Pros and Cons. Security assessment included. Installer can provide advice and usage instructions on-site. Can be better for more complex installations. Most equipment is wireless. Homeowners can choose self-monitoring. Requires installation fee. Requires scheduling time with a technician. Leased equipment often requires a contract. Upfront equipment cost is often higher. Equipment can be challenging to install. Problems can be more difficult to diagnose and fix. Pro-Installed vs. DIY Home Security Systems: Pros and Cons. Security assessment included. Installer can provide advice and usage instructions on-site. Can be better for more complex installations. Requires installation fee. Requires scheduling time with a technician. Leased equipment often requires a contract. Most equipment is wireless. Homeowners can choose self-monitoring. Upfront equipment cost is often higher. Equipment can be challenging to install. Problems can be more difficult to diagnose and fix. How much a security system will cost you depends largely on the type, quantity, and sophistication of the equipment you purchase; whether you choose professional or DIY, and the level of monitoring you select. Although it may be tempting to get a less-expensive base package of equipment, realize that these typically contain only a few components and may not meet your needs. Monthly monitoring fees typically run about $40 a month, but can cost as little as $10 a month or as much as $100 a month if you have a large system. For more information, see How Much Does a Home Security System Cost? A good home security system should include door/window sensors, sensors that can "hear" if glass is broken, motion detectors for when residents aren't home, and cameras and video doorbells that store video in the cloud or on a hard drive. Higher-tier home alarm systems can also include water-leak sensors, fire alarms, and smart home devices such as automatic lights and sprinklers. Most security systems are operated by a central control panel, keypad, and/or a smartphone app. Many use the homeowner's Wi-Fi router or a wireless communications protocol like Z-Wave. Large homes can require extensive installations with best-in-class equipment including outdoor cameras, while smaller homes might only need a few motion sensors and other components. Regardless of system size, doorbell cameras are quite popular. Read more about wireless home security here. Voice Assistant Compatibility. Voice Assistant Compatibility. Home security companies offer a vast variety of products with differing features, which can complicate the process of deciding what you need. Below we explain some of the noteworthy components to look for when you’re considering a home security system:. If crime is especially high in your area, you will need the best home security system you can afford. It should feature at least the following:. There are other things you can do to keep you and your family safe besides having a home security alarm system. According to Crime Prevention Security Systems, a security consulting company, these steps include:. Western Washington University has several tips for staying safe when working remotely, which many of us have over the past year. Being away from home for an extended period of time obviously makes your home more vulnerable to burglars. However, in addition to installing a good home security system, you can limit the risk with a few good-practice steps in your security routine. Communications protocols like Wi-Fi and Z-Wave allow your home security system components to communicate with each other wirelessly. This makes the security system easy to use and keeps you from having to tear up walls to run wires. But remember that any wireless home security system can be hacked, which can facilitate a robbery or simply invade your privacy. Z-Wave and Zigbee are very hard (but not impossible) to hack, but Wi-Fi – on which many home security cameras operate – is much less secure. However, if you follow these simple tips from the National Monitoring Center, a home security monitoring company, your chances of being hacked will go down significantly. Wired home security systems are cameras or an entire home security system connected to a power source and the internet by a cable. Wireless home security systems are connected to the internet over Wi-Fi but still connected to a power source by a cable. True wire-free systems are connected to the internet over Wi-Fi and powered by batteries. Read more on wired vs. wireless home security in our guide. Depending on what kind of home security system you plan to install, you may need to get a permit. In most areas, you’ll need to get a permit for any alarm that is audible and/or monitored. With a permit, you’ll be registered with your local fire and police services, which can help with quicker identification and contact in case of emergency. If you’re not sure, contact your town or county clerk. If you purchase a wired home security system, you also likely need a permit for the electrical work of installing the system. It would be best to contact the home security company directly if you have specific concerns regarding encryption of video, company access to your footage, and third-party location and data sharing. At U.S. News & World Report, we rank the Best Hospitals, Best Colleges, and Best Cars to guide readers through some of life’s most complicated decisions. Our 360 Reviews team draws on this same unbiased approach to rate the products that you use every day. To build our ratings, we researched more than 53 companies and analyzed 21 reviews. Our 360 Reviews team does not take samples, gifts, or loans of products or services we review. All sample products provided for review are donated after review. In addition, we maintain a separate business team that has no influence over our methodology or recommendations. The following describes our 360 approach to researching and analyzing juicers to guide prospective consumers. U.S. News analyzed and compared a variety of publicly available data, including internet search data, to determine which home security system companies consumers are most interested in. We found 53 companies that stand out in terms of volume of searches and research among consumers, as well as across the different rating sources. We then compared the available home security systems from the top home security system companies across several criteria, including base cost, monthly fees, plan lock, installation options, trial period, warranty, and smart device integrations. Research shows that these are the most important criteria for people shopping for a home security system. All data was collected on or before June 24, 2022. U.S. News’ 360 Reviews team applied an unbiased methodology that includes opinions from professional reviews as well as consumer reviews. Our scoring methodology is based on a composite analysis of the ratings and reviews published by credible third-party professional and consumer review sources. The ratings are not based on personal opinions or experiences of U.S. News. To calculate the ratings:. (a) We compiled two types of third-party ratings and reviews:. Please note that not all professional and consumer rating sources met our criteria for objectivity. Therefore, some sources were excluded from our model.(b) We standardized the inputs to create a common scale. The third-party review source data were collected in a variety of forms, including ratings, recommendations, and accolades. Before including each third-party data point into our scoring equation, we had to standardize it so that it could be compared accurately with data points from other review sources. We used the scoring methodology described below to convert these systems to a comparable scale. The 360 scoring process first converted each third-party rating into a common 0 to 5 scale. To balance the distribution of scores within each source’s scale, we used a standard deviation (or Z-Score) calculation to determine how each company’s score compared to the source’s mean score. We then used the Z-Score to create a standardized U.S. News score using the method outlined below:. (c) We calculated the 360 Overall Score based on a weighted-average model.We assigned “source weights” to each source used in the consensus scoring model based on our assessment of how much the source is trusted and recognized by consumers and how much its published review process indicates that it is both comprehensive and editorially independent. The source weights are assigned on a 1-5 scale. Any source with an assigned weight less than two was excluded from the consensus scoring model. Finally, we combined the converted third-party data points using a weighted average formula based on source weight. This formula calculated the consensus score for each product, which we call the 360 Overall Rating. U.S. News 360 Reviews takes an unbiased approach to our recommendations. When you use our links to buy products, we may earn a commission but that in no way affects our editorial independence.

Your guide to a better future. Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may get a commission. Reviews ethics statement. There's a home security system for every home and need. We've tested the top brands available to get you a list of the best home security systems on the market. For those who are willing to spend the money and are looking for someone to set it up, a professional home security system is the best route. Our top-rated professionally installed home security system is currently Comcast Xfinity Home, due to its affordable service, no-contract options and compatibility with dozens of third-party smart home gadgets from smart locks to smart thermostats. For those looking to spend less and are happy to set it up themselves, DIY is the clear choice. Our top-rated pick for DIY home security system is Ring Alarm Pro, not only due to its reliable security performance but all of the bells and whistles that most other DIY systems don't have, including backup Wi-Fi in case of power outages, Alexa Guard Plus integration and the option for local storage and processing. Whether you go the DIY home security route or opt for a professionally installed setup, choosing the right security system for your home is a big decision. Once you start your research, you'll realize there's no shortage of options ranging from highly customizable DIY systems available from brands like Ring, SimpliSafe and Wyze to low-hassle, professional monitoring services from ADT, Vivint and others. More competition in the home security market brings new advances, features and compatibilities with internet-connected gadgets like indoor and outdoor cameras, video doorbells and smart locks. It also brings new vulnerabilities, including an increased risk of hacking. It's a lot to take in, and today's home security providers don't always make it easy to comparison-shop. That's where we come in. We've put security systems to the test, from top-of-the-line monitored systems with professional installation to wallet-friendly DIY home security system alternatives, including a home security camera (or cameras) and smart home devices monitored via a smartphone app. We'll be updating this article as we go based on hands-on experience so you can be sure you're investing in top home security systems. Comcast Xfinity Home is a terrific, accessible and affordable service, which is why we gave it an 8 out of 10 in our review. It could cost you thousands less than comparable setups from direct competitors like Vivint and ADT, works with plenty of third-party smart home gadgets and doesn't require a contract. If you can get around Comcast's pressure to bundle with their other services (you don't have to do it!) and the service's limited home automation capabilities, this home security system will treat you well. Read our Xfinity Home Security review. Ring's Alarm Pro system has changed the DIY home security game, wrapping a Wi-Fi 6 Eero router into its base device. Not only do you get reliable security performance, but you'll also get access to all sorts of extra features. These include cellular-powered backup Wi-Fi, network security monitoring, local processing and storage for your Ring devices and integration with Alexa's Guard Plus service (provided you have an Echo speaker or display). Considering all the bells and whistles, the Ring Alarm Pro received an impressive score of 9/10 in our review. Ring still has a troubling history regarding its privacy practices and policies. Still, the Ring Alarm Pro is undeniably one of the smartest DIY home security systems I've ever tested, and it's still competitively priced in a crowded market. Read our Ring Alarm Pro review. Like SimpliSafe, Wyze allows you to build a custom security system for your home needs. A home monitoring subscription starts at either $10 a month or $100 annually, including the required Wyze Sense Hub for free. From there, you can add motion sensors, cameras, keypads, video doorbells and more. Or you could opt for the Home Security bundle at Amazon, which includes a v3 camera, two door/window sensors, a motion detector, a keypad and the Sense Hub, and a six-month monitoring subscription for less than $150. The only real drawback: Wyze doesn't have a cellular backup in case of power or internet outages. Perhaps that feature will come with time, but for now, we give the Wyze Home Monitoring system a solid 8.4 out of 10. Read our Wyze Home Monitoring review. We've tested the SimpliSafe system several times and most recently gave it a review score of 8.5 out of 10. If you're looking for home security -- without all the extra Wi-Fi and smart home integrations of the Ring Alarm Pro -- SimpliSafe's easy-to-install, easy-to-use DIY system is a great option. It offers a comprehensive set of features, including equipment like security cameras and a very good mix of battery-powered motion detection sensors, all of which performed reliably well in our tests. Starter kits begin at less than $250, or you can build a custom alarm system with the exact mix of devices you need. The security company's professional monitoring plan starts at $18 a month, but you'll almost certainly want to spring for the $28-a-month monitoring service plan, which adds in things like mobile app controls and smart home security system voice support via Alexa and Google Assistant. Read our SimpliSafe review. Vivint is a lot more expensive than Comcast Xfinity -- and received a lower review score of 7.7 in part due to the high upfront costs -- but if money is less of a concern than smart home integration, it's worth considering. Vivint gives you a super-polished experience with nice third-party device integrations -- and it doesn't require a contract. With monthly monitoring ranging from $30 to $45 a month, it's comparable month-to-month with Xfinity. Read our Vivint Smart Home review. Besides the systems above, we've tested many of the top competitors, including Abode, Abode Iota, Frontpoint, Kangaroo, Ring Alarm, Cove and ADT. Abode and Abode's all-in-one security camera Iota were both solid contenders that couldn't quite match SimpliSafe's price, but they're worth checking out if you're interested in DIY smart home systems for small spaces or systems that don't require monitoring subscriptions. Ring Alarm is another solid DIY option, but the company's problems with police partnerships tip us away from recommending it -- especially when a company like Wyze offers such a strong, budget-friendly alternative. DIY systems Frontpoint, Cove and Kangaroo all had features to recommend them. Frontpoint's system is reliable and its hardware is reasonably priced, but its $45 monthly monitoring fee is too expensive. Kangaroo, by contrast, is incredibly wallet-friendly but its doorbell camera is terrible, so Wyze keeps its edge in the budget category too. Cove Home Security, despite reasonable hardware prices, fell to an overly restrictive subscription model that doesn't allow for self-monitoring or app access without significant monthly fees. ADT, one of the biggest brands we've tested, was broadly disappointing. It's too expensive, requires a contract and the app is clunky. We've tested AT&T Digital Life, too, though we've removed the system from consideration since the company stopped installing it for new customers. We have yet to test Brinks Home, though we hope to include it in our considerations in the coming months. Hands-on testing is core to our evaluations of any home security products. In short, when it comes to the best home security systems, we pay special attention to the user experience, the promised features, reliability and overall value -- along with a few other elements. We do the testing in a real home environment over the course of at least a full week. If you want to read more about our review process, check out our in-depth article on how we test home security systems and services. When choosing a home security system for your home, you may be tempted to start with deciding between a DIY setup or one that is professionally installed and monitored. However, when you consider the equipment, installation, monitoring options and other features you want, you'll probably reach a DIY-versus-pro system decision along the way. Equipment and installation. Do you just need to keep watch over your entryways? A good video doorbell for your front door and an outdoor camera covering the back may be all you need -- easy to install and monitor yourself. However, if you want to keep closer tabs on your home inside and out with 24/7 monitoring and quick access to emergency response services, you'll want a more robust system. DIY and professional brands offer home security bundles with most, if not all, of the equipment you'd need to get started and the ability to add single devices as needed. Most home security devices are compatible with Alexa and Google Home smart hubs, but if you prefer Apple HomeKit or another smart home ecosystem, you may have to do a bit more shopping and comparing to find a system compatible with your existing smart home devices. Don't fret over compatibility too much, however, as Matter will make it easier to connect previously noncompatible devices. Keep in mind all that equipment will need to be installed. While there isn't much to installing a security camera or even a wired video doorbell, whole-home systems can be a bit more demanding to install and set up. If you'd rather leave that to an expert, and have them walk you through how to use the system, a professional home security service may be the way to go. Monitoring, alerts and emergency features. Virtually all home security systems allow for self-monitoring, likely via an app on your phone. They'll also send you push notifications when there's an event, such as when a package is delivered to your doorstep. Consider whether you want to be in charge of all the monitoring or if you'd like some support. A professional system will come with 24/7 monitoring, but you may be able to add professional monitoring to your DIY system for a fee, depending on the brand you choose. More advanced features, such as facial recognition, broken glass detection and communication with emergency services may not be available from all manufacturers and devices. Consider the level of monitoring you want, and who you want to do it, along with the emergency response options, when choosing a home security system. Costs, upfront and ongoing. I listed "cost" last here for a reason. A complete home security system will likely cost you at least a couple of hundred bucks, so be prepared for that. There's the potential to spend lots more on equipment, of course, or a lot less -- maybe a $35 security camera will satisfy your security needs. Still, the upfront cost of a home security system is roughly the same from one brand to the next, so don't let cost be the deciding factor. Find a system that has the equipment, installation options, monitoring and features you want first, then compare pricing. That said, ongoing costs can carry a bit more weight when choosing the best security system. Expect ongoing monthly fees from a professional service and possibly a contract to lock you into those fees for a year or two. While not ideal, signing a contract may come with free equipment or installation and lower upfront costs. If you're comfortable with self-monitoring, DIY systems may not come with any ongoing costs. Monthly subscriptions (without a contract) for cloud storage, enhanced features and possibly even professional monitoring are typically an option with DIY systems, often for lower monthly fees than professional services. Contracts are sometimes required for professional home monitoring or to qualify for free equipment, so service from home security providers like ADT, Vivint and Xfinity may include one. That said, it's usually possible to avoid contracts if you pay upfront -- and other home security companies like Ring, SimpliSafe and Wyze offer DIY home security solutions that never require one. Arlo, Nest and Wyze cameras are our top picks for the best home security cameras, but the best one for your home depends on your needs. Be sure to consider price, Wi-Fi connectivity, indoor/outdoor functionality and compatibility with other smart home devices and security services when choosing. Some home security systems come with professional installation, so you can rely on the company to install and set up your system. Others, including many DIY systems, may require self-installation and setup. These systems should come with detailed instructions and are often easy to set up. In most cases, you can simply place or mount the devices where desired, then connect them to your Wi-Fi and other smart home devices (if compatible) via an app. In a home security context, there are two ways to look at "wired" vs. "wireless." The first is power -- home security systems require electricity to operate. In that context, a wired system would be one with devices that plug into power and rely on your home's electricity. A fair number of current-gen systems use wireless, battery-powered sensors and battery backups for the base stations that will keep the setup running if the power ever goes out. You can think of those systems as "wireless" as far as electricity is concerned. There's a second way to look at wired vs. wireless. It concerns connectivity. Every home security system needs to be able to notify you when there's a problem and alert the authorities when there's an emergency. It used to be that systems would notify you with the sound of the alarm and contact authorities via a wired connection to your phone line. Now, most current-gen systems can also notify users of issues with a push alert on their phones. Some will use an internet connection to contact professionals during an emergency. Even then, we'd still consider the system "wired" if you can stop it from operating by cutting your home's internet signal. That's why many systems include built-in cellular connectivity as a backup. Even if the Wi-Fi goes out (or if a tech-savvy intruder disables it), a system like that will still be able to notify you and the authorities of an emergency by way of that cellular connection. Systems like those are "wireless" in the connectivity sense -- and if they double down with a battery backup as well, then they're as wireless as home security gets.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. As of March 29, 2023, new Ring Alarm users will need a subscription to access certain features. We have updated our review, and included details in the Flaws but not dealbreakers section. Achieving peace of mind for your home doesn’t have to be pricey or difficult. Traditional home security systems often require long contracts and expensive professional installation, but most smart DIY security systems are affordable and easy to install, and allow you to pay for a monitoring plan only when you want it. Ring offers two of the most comprehensive and easy-to-use DIY home security systems we’ve tested: the Ring Alarm Pro and the original Ring Alarm. Both use the same simple app, offer multiple add-ons (including more choices for cameras and video doorbells compared with our other picks), and give you the option to sign up for pro monitoring without locking you into a contract. Some systems don’t require a monitoring subscription, but we recommend one so you don’t have to be on call 24/7 in case there’s an alert. Cameras enhance a system’s effectiveness. Ensure that your subscription plan includes storage for video recordings. Most systems can be customized to your needs, with add-on sensors that detect carbon monoxide, water, smoke, and extreme temperatures. To cut down on false alarms, some cities require a permit or other provisions to install security systems that connect to emergency services. The latest Ring security system has a built-in Wi-Fi 6 router, works with almost every type of add-on you can imagine, and provides internet backup (for a fee), as well as the option to add up to 24 additional hours of backup power in case of an outage. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Works With Ring. The strength of the Ring Alarm Pro, in addition to all of the sensors and accessories it can support (including a wide variety of cameras), is that it includes a built-in Eero Wi-Fi 6 router. That means you can replace your standard router, depending on your service, or create a mesh network to improve your Wi-Fi’s speed for security cameras and other smart-home devices around the house. It also creates a cellular backup web connection when your power or internet goes down (with a Ring Protect Pro plan). The easy-to-use DIY security system offers the best bang for your buck when it comes to professional monitoring ($20 per month or $200 per year). It has almost every add-on you can imagine, including a few options for door and window sensors, smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, and several types of hardwired and battery-operated doorbells and cameras. It does allow for self-monitoring, but the original Ring Alarm would be better for that (although we don’t really recommend self-monitoring anyway). The original Ring system is easy to use and inexpensive to set up, and has more camera add-ons than any of our other picks. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Works With Ring. If you already have a mesh network or don’t want one, we recommend the original Ring Alarm. This easy-to-use DIY security system works with all the same add-ons as the Ring Alarm Pro, including the optional Ring Protect Pro monitoring plan for $20 per month. You can also use it as a self-monitored system for no extra cost, or add video storage for as little as $4 per month. After March 29, 2023, anyone who buys a new Ring system will need to subscribe to a professional monitoring plan in order to use the Ring app to Arm or Disarm their system in addition to the keypad—existing Ring owners will have app access grandfathered in (see Flaws but not dealbreakers). Unlike the Ring Alarm Pro, it doesn’t offer internet backup or work with external battery packs, but the base station provides 24 hours of battery backup, and the Pro plan includes a cellular connection. This SimpliSafe kit is affordable and easy to install and use. Its optional monitoring plan is slightly cheaper than that of our top pick, although it doesn’t provide video storage. *At the time of publishing, the price was $0. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, August Smart Locks. SimpliSafe is another easy-to-use DIY security system, with add-ons such as indoor and outdoor video cameras, a doorbell camera, a smart lock, and smoke and other sensors. Its 24/7 professional monitoring fees are competitive with those of other DIY systems, though all of their kits also offer a self-monitoring option. Unfortunately, outside of smart speakers, the only non-SimpliSafe devices it’s compatible with are August locks. Still, for anyone who wants a reliable system that’s easy to use, works with voice-control systems, and offers a good selection of add-ons, the SimpliSafe setup is still a great choice. Abode offers more smart-home integration than any other security system we tested, which means you can tie it into smart-home devices from different manufacturers. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, IFTTT, Z-Wave, Zigbee. Abode is for the person who wants a security system that can integrate with smart lighting and thermostats, voice-controlled speakers, and other smart-home devices—and doesn’t mind going through the steps to create that setup. Abode supports both Zigbee- and Z-Wave–enabled devices, as well as Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, and IFTTT (If This Then That). That type of support comes at a price: We found Abode starter packages and most accessories to be more expensive than our other picks. The latest Ring security system has a built-in Wi-Fi 6 router, works with almost every type of add-on you can imagine, and provides internet backup (for a fee), as well as the option to add up to 24 additional hours of backup power in case of an outage. The original Ring system is easy to use and inexpensive to set up, and has more camera add-ons than any of our other picks. This SimpliSafe kit is affordable and easy to install and use. Its optional monitoring plan is slightly cheaper than that of our top pick, although it doesn’t provide video storage. *At the time of publishing, the price was $0. Abode offers more smart-home integration than any other security system we tested, which means you can tie it into smart-home devices from different manufacturers. I first started testing smart-home devices more than 20 years ago, back when the only smart-home devices were X10. I’ve covered smart-home gear for Wirecutter since 2016, and I’ve had my hands on everything from in-wall smart light switches, smart LED light bulbs, and plug-in smart outlets to indoor security cameras, smart doorbell cameras, and smart water-leak sensors. I’ve also written tech articles for The New York Times, Wired, and Men’s Health, among other publications. For this guide, we interviewed peers, home security consultants, police departments, and insurance agents. We also sent security companies detailed questionnaires about their products and services. You’ve probably worried about the safety of your home at some point, but it’s important to know that most homes and apartments will never be burglarized. According to the FBI, the number of property crimes in the US has continued to drop for more than 25 years. Still, if you want more peace of mind about the safety of your family and the security of your belongings, and if you want to know that someone will call emergency services should the need arise, a security system can play a valuable role. And although a home security system can’t stop a determined burglar from breaking into your house, it can discourage someone from breaking in if they know you have it, frighten someone away if they do get in, summon firefighters or cops in case of an emergency, and save you as much as 10% on your home insurance premium. “An alarm system might sit there for 10 years and do absolutely nothing,” said Bob Dolph, a home security consultant who has spent decades in the business. “You only need it to work that one time.”. An unmonitored system leaves all the work up to you. That means you need to be on call and ready to determine whether police, fire departments, or other emergency services need to be dispatched. Note too that security systems aren’t just about crime prevention: Most have add-on sensors that can protect your home from fires, floods, and even temperature changes (to prevent pipes from bursting, for one thing). And some of those sensors (door/window and motion, specifically) can alert you to how active a parent or grandparent is, as well as if they’ve accidentally left a door or window open. Also, many of these systems can integrate with other smart-home devices. That means you can add, for example, a smart speaker to arm, disarm, and check your system’s status with the sound of your voice, or trigger cameras and lights to turn on based on alerts or your location. Neighbors is the focus of a lot of controversy. We clear up the good, the bad, and the questionable practices surrounding Ring’s in-app feature. Investing in a security system is a great idea, but they aren’t one size fits all. Ask yourself these questions to find the one that’s best for you. There are two types of security systems: professionally monitored and unmonitored. In the former, when an alarm goes off, a pro monitoring company receives a notification and then attempts to contact you (and, if need be, your local emergency services). An unmonitored (aka self-monitored) system leaves all the work up to you. That means you need to be on call, day and night, during work and vacation time, and ready to determine whether police, fire departments, or other emergency services need to be dispatched. Then you need to make that call yourself. It’s a big difference, and why we think a professionally monitored system is fundamentally more secure. Once you decide which type of system you want, you need to pick what that system will include. Most security companies, whether its kits are DIY or professionally installed, professionally monitored or self-monitored, offer guidance if you’re confused about what to choose. DIY systems are also modular, so you can easily add sensors and devices as you need them—perhaps a camera by the garage, or sensors on the sliding glass door upstairs. The backbone of a home security system is the base station. This unit communicates with all the security sensors and smart-home components in your house. Many connect to a home router, but if your base station comes with Wi-Fi or cellular support, placement is more flexible. Contact sensors are the first thing you should buy alongside the base station; these attach to doors and windows and alert you when they open. Other home security components include motion sensors, keypads, key fobs, cameras, glass-break sensors, and panic buttons. We only looked for DIY security systems that offer professional monitoring options—the key feature that sets a security system apart from a local alert system. We also insisted on no-contract systems, even though those require you to pay for the hardware up front. While some companies provide free or heavily discounted hardware in exchange for a service commitment that can last anywhere from one to five years, we found no-contract systems to be the most flexible. For instance, some people may want monitoring only when they’re on vacation; no-contract systems let you come and go as you please. They also cost less in the long run and allow you to be in total control of the equipment you use, as well as how and when you use and pay for monitoring services. We didn’t consider alarm systems that require professional installation. Pro-installed systems usually cost more, despite using equipment similar to that of DIY systems; typically come with long and often onerous contracts; and rely on the same monitoring companies as self-installed systems, so they offer little advantage. A good example is the Vivint Smart Home Security system, which we’ve reviewed separately and don’t recommend for most people. After years of researching and reviewing security systems, we’ve come up with a list of features and add-ons that are the most beneficial, and so we’ve restricted our picks to systems that include the following:. To thoroughly test each system, we spent several weeks walking in front of motion sensors, opening and closing doors and windows equipped with contact sensors, soaking water-leak detectors, and setting off sirens. Next, we looked at cameras, keypads, and iOS/Android apps, when available. Finally, we armed, disarmed, and spied on each system from inside and outside the home, even testing each system’s battery backup by cutting its power. To gauge reaction times for the monitoring company, we triggered each system a minimum of five times (through the contact and motion sensors). However, keep in mind that the monitoring company’s reaction time has absolutely nothing to do with the speed at which your local authorities respond to the alarm—if they respond at all. Many municipalities have rules designed to limit the time and resources that police and fire departments waste on false alarms; you may even be fined if you have too many. For instance, Salt Lake City requires confirmation of an emergency from a responding private security guard before police are dispatched. Several cities, such as Los Angeles, also require a permit to even own and operate a home security system. Wirecutter takes security and privacy issues seriously and, as much as possible, investigates how the companies whose products we recommend deal with customer data. As part of our vetting process for home security systems, we looked at the security and data-privacy practices behind our picks. All of these devices come with a privacy policy that, as you have probably experienced, can be difficult for the layperson to parse. We read each of the privacy policies for the systems we chose to test, specifically looking for sections that stray from what we consider to be standard in the category. We also reached out to the companies that produce our top picks and had them answer an extensive questionnaire to confirm information that we thought should be of primary concern for any potential buyer (see Privacy and security: How our picks compare to read their answers in full). There are some common and important considerations that anyone interested in a DIY security system should understand. For instance, most security companies say they share data with third parties; however, “third parties” typically refers only to the partner monitoring companies that support the security systems, and the “data” collected is just which type of alarms/alerts are triggered (and when), as well as the address where emergency services would be sent. SimpliSafe told us it also shares information with app developers at Google Firebase and the analytics company Heap to keep tabs on the user’s app experience and make improvements. If you opt to use security cameras, only consider models made by companies that provide robust security and privacy protections. Our top and runner-up picks include two-factor authentication, which does a good job of ensuring that access to your camera and video recordings is restricted. The Abode Smart Security Kit is the only one of our picks that currently makes it an option (the Ring and SimpliSafe systems require it). One especially daunting topic is how companies encrypt video, a process that keeps outside entities and companies from accessing your data and video recordings. All three companies that produce our picks encrypt video in transit and at rest, which means when it’s moving (such as from your device to the cloud) as well as when it’s not moving (like when it’s stored on a hard drive). Ring is the only one of our picks that offers it from end to end (as an opt-in feature). That means your videos can’t be accessed by anyone, including Ring, even if requested by law enforcement via a subpoena or court order. In July 2022, Senator Edward J. Markey published a report criticizing Ring's privacy practices, specifically accusing the company of providing user videos to law enforcement agencies without prior consent on 11 occasions so far this year. We reached out to Ring and a spokesperson told us, "The law authorizes companies like Ring to provide information to government entities if the company believes that an emergency involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person, such as a kidnapping or an attempted murder, requires disclosure without delay. Ring faithfully applies that legal standard.” Ring’s privacy policy, which is common to companies in this category, states the company may honor law enforcement requests without prior user consent if "there is an emergency involving imminent danger of death or serious physical injury to a person and there is insufficient time to obtain a court order." We encourage all new and existing users to read the privacy policies of any company they buy a product from before installing it. If you are a Ring user concerned about privacy, enabling end-to-end encryption, prevents unwanted sharing of any user video. Wirecutter long-term tests all of its picks, including keeping track of app, firmware, and policy updates, as well as hardware and software incidents. Should privacy or security issues be found with any of our picks here, we’ll report them and, if necessary, update or alter our recommendations. The latest Ring security system has a built-in Wi-Fi 6 router, works with almost every type of add-on you can imagine, and provides internet backup (for a fee), as well as the option to add up to 24 additional hours of backup power in case of an outage. The original Ring system is easy to use and inexpensive to set up, and has more camera add-ons than any of our other picks. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Works with Ring. Ring Alarm Pro is the most comprehensive DIY home security system we’ve tested. It’s easy to set up and use, can be customized with a large selection of compatible add-ons, and features an optional, affordable monitoring plan ($20 per month or $200 per year). The Ring Alarm Pro doesn’t have the ability to integrate with as many third-party smart-home devices as our other picks, but it does have a built-in Eero Wi-Fi 6 router (more on that below). This means the base station can both serve as the brains of your security system and replace your current Wi-Fi router (it can be set up as a mesh Wi-Fi network, too, which may improve your Wi-Fi’s range and performance). The Eero router also provides backup internet access via a cellular connection (as part of a Ring Protect Pro plan), should you have a power or internet outage. However, if you already have a mesh Wi-Fi network, don’t want one, and/or don’t need backup internet, opt for the original Ring Alarm instead. https://youtu.be/ZEhXopXIR2Uhttps://youtu.be/sw4EnVFrtlU. Ring has a number of features that make it a real standout. First, it’s the only one of our picks to offer both 24/7 monitoring and 24/7 customer service, which are available over the phone. Like our other picks, the base station sends alerts should it get disconnected from power; plus, it has a built-in battery that provides 24 hours of backup power, which is comparable to that of SimpliSafe’s system (and confirmed by our testing). With Ring Alarm Pro, you can also add up to three backup power packs for an additional 24 hours of power (depending on usage). The only hardware feature of the Ring Alarm Pro that’s new compared with the original model is its base station, which includes a built-in Eero router, supports local video storage (by adding a microSD card), and can be paired with extra battery packs in case you anticipate lengthy power or web outages. Otherwise, the Ring Alarm Pro is compatible with all the same sensors and other add-ons that work with Ring Alarm. If you have the older system, you can upgrade by buying just the base station. You can also buy a starter package such as the 8-piece kit we tested, which includes the base station, four contact sensors for doors and windows, one motion detector, and a range extender to help connect alarm components around the house. Ring Alarm Pro and Ring Alarm can be used four different ways:. The Pro plan is the only one that includes live monitoring—without it, should your security system trigger, it’s up to you to call the authorities. That means being on call 24/7, and in some cases, requires being at home to witness alarms. Ring just announced plans to discontinue some of the app features that made it easy to self-monitor, including being able to arm/disarm the system through the Ring app, as well as receive smartphone alerts when the alarm is triggered. This was previously a feature for all Ring customers and will continue to be a free feature for those who purchased the system prior to that date. For anyone who purchases a system after March 29, that means you can only arm/disarm from the keypad and will need to be home to hear sirens blaring. If you don’t want monitoring and aren’t interested in the Eero router, go for the original Ring Alarm, since the Pro’s extras are wasted without the Pro monitoring plan. The Pro system’s main extra is the built-in Eero Wi-Fi 6 router, which is typically sold separately for creating a home Wi-Fi network. Since it’s built into the Ring base station, it can replace your existing router, depending on your service. (For instance, our test location has Verizon Fios TV and internet, which requires using a specific router, and so we have to keep that and then connect the Ring Alarm Pro to it.). To set up Eero features, such as the ability to create a mesh Wi-Fi network, the Ring app prompts you to download the Eero app, name your network, give it a password, and then return to the Ring app to complete setting up the system. We found the process to be pretty easy, but it does mean you’ll need an extra app. (There’s a possibility you’ll never need to open the additional app again, but you can use it to check network speeds, manage connected devices, supervise screen time for users in the house, or completely block users and devices from the network.) Eero claims its network covers 1,500 square feet and can support up to 75 connected devices at a time. Although we didn’t test that many devices this time around, we did add an extra Eero 6 Extender by the front door to ensure a strong connection with outdoor cameras. When connected to our home internet, the Eero actually gave us speeds a little better than promised, up to 900 Mbps. Wirecutter’s networking expert, senior staff writer Joel Santo Domingo, said it’s definitely a plus; he also said he’s planning to make the Eero 6 a pick in our mesh-networking guide soon. When we unplugged our primary router to mimic a web outage, download speeds dropped to 18 Mbps, drastically slower yet still fast enough to live-view security cameras and even stream Netflix while connected to the Eero router. (Note: If you lose power, the number of devices connected and amount of online activity will kill the Ring Alarm Pro’s internal battery quicker, which is why Ring offers the extra power packs.) Devices connected to the Eero won’t be able to trigger the alarm system, but they will work during a power and/or web outage via the Pro plan’s 24/7 backup internet, which is powered by AT&T. That backup includes 3GB of data in case of web and/or power outages. Note that you’ll eat through that quickly if you’re viewing cameras, watching movies, and doing anything else you normally do on the web—it’s really designed for short-term emergency situations. (Should you need, you can also purchase additional data for a reasonable $3 per GB.). The Pro plan also enables Ring Edge, a new feature that allows users to store video content locally on a microSD card inserted into the Ring Alarm Pro base station, as opposed to having it in the cloud—which is actually what we recommend. It’s not available on the original Ring Alarm and isn’t compatible with Ring’s Video Doorbell 4, Floodlight Cam Wired Pro, Video Doorbell (1st Generation), or the Stick Up Cam (1st Generation). It’s confusing that Ring charges for this capability, since one of the main perks to storing video locally is that it’s typically free. Still, if you’re concerned about the potential privacy or security risks of storing videos in the cloud, it’s an alternative that’s included with the Pro plan. Otherwise, the Pro plan includes the option to call emergency services for water leaks, 60 days of video storage for an unlimited number of cameras, cellular backup, and a lifetime warranty for equipment damage for the length of your subscription. It also includes Alexa Guard Plus—normally a separate subscription, and which requires an Amazon Echo speaker (or any Echo device) to monitor for smoke detectors and footsteps—and add in a few other features, like the ability to play barking-dog sounds when triggered by a sensor or another linked device. The Ring Alarm Pro base station is also the company’s first to incorporate the features of the Ring Smart Lighting Bridge, a tiny box that can wirelessly connect Ring lights to your home network. It’s nice to be able to eliminate another plug-in around the house. We added the Ring Solar Pathlight to our test Ring Alarm Pro system and were able to control the light through the app, create Schedules, and even set an Alexa Routine that would turn on outside lights whenever the system was armed. Ring doesn’t integrate with a lot of third-party smart-home systems and devices, but it does offer a lot of add-ons, including a smoke/CO listener, the First Alert Z-Wave Plus Smoke/CO Alarm (2nd Generation), a water-leak sensor, a glass-break sensor, and even a sensor for when you want to monitor doors/windows that are cracked open a little. It also has more indoor, outdoor, and doorbell cameras options than any other system we’ve tested. Unlike the other accessories, the cameras don’t actually trigger the monitoring service—for good reason, since you probably don’t want the cops coming every time you get a package delivered. However, if you receive a smartphone alert that a camera has detected motion and then happen to see someone lurking about, you can click the SOS button in the app (that red exclamation point on the homepage, or on the live-view page of any camera) to call for emergency services. The only notable add-on that’s missing is a key fob, something our other two picks offer. Ring is the only one of our picks to offer end-to-end encryption (E2EE) for cameras, which means no one can access your video content except you, even in the case of a subpoena from law enforcement, though complying is a pretty common practice with most video cameras. You must enable E2EE in the Control Center in the app’s settings. There are downsides, though: Shared users won’t be able to view video links, you won’t be able to access a timeline of security events, and you can’t watch videos on the Amazon Echo Show, Fire TV, or FireTablet, nor third-party devices, among other things. In our tests, both Ring Alarm systems sent smartphone alerts within 4 seconds of the alarm being triggered, with email alerts as an option, as well. The siren on the base station can be configured to go off between 0 and 180 seconds of a triggering event. If you dismiss an alarm within 30 seconds, the monitoring service will not call you. If you enable the Confirmation Call (found in the Monitoring section in the app’s settings), the first emergency contact on your list will still get an automated call if you disarm the alarm after it sounds but before the monitoring center calls. This setting is off by default, so you have to turn it on if you want to get calls no matter what. In our tests those calls came within 60 seconds of when the 104 dB siren on the Ring Alarm Pro or the 113 dB siren on the Ring Alarm was triggered; the monitoring company will ask for your personally chosen verbal password to cancel the alert. At 2.95 inches in diameter and 1.06 inches high, the Ring Alarm Flood & Freeze Sensor is larger than those of our other picks, so it may not squeeze into tight spaces, like under a washing machine. However, it responded to our testing quickly with a “water detected” verbal announcement within 1 to 2 seconds, a smartphone alert within around 4 seconds, and an automated call from the monitoring company less than 10 seconds after that. Both the iOS and Android apps feature the ability to disarm or arm the system in Home or Away modes right from the homepage, and they also offer one-touch access to live views and recordings on all connected cameras. The app also includes one-touch access to Neighbors, a sort of neighborhood-watch social network that allows users to report and monitor suspicious activity in a zone that you can customize with a radius of about 500 feet to 5 miles around your home. You can also post comments and videos, view those from others in your surrounding area, or turn off notifications to ignore it. To completely delete it from view, you can opt out in the app’s Control Center. You don’t even have to be a Ring device owner to have a Neighbors account; there is a standalone Neighbors app for iOS and Android devices. All users can post messages, photos, or links, which are expected to adhere to community guidelines. To determine how well the Ring Alarm system worked over time, we solicited feedback from staff members at Wirecutter who use the device. Here’s what they said. “I have been using the original Ring Alarm since fall 2018. Since then, one contact sensor has just recently started burning through CR2032 batteries faster than normal. After changing them twice during my most recent testing round, I realized batteries were lasting only about two weeks. This was not an issue previously, or with any of my other older sensors, so I assumed this sensor was reaching the end of its life. I contacted Ring and had a rep tell me that they encourage people to test sensors regularly, but especially as they get closer to the four-year range, as that is when they may start to reach end of life. However, some sensors will last longer based on your usage. A replacement contact sensor costs $20.”. —Rachel Cericola, senior staff writer,
Ring Alarm tester since 2018. As of March 29, 2023, a Ring Protect subscription will be required for all new system owners in order to use the Ring app to to arm and disarm the system, as well as to receive smartphone notifications about alarm triggers. That means new Ring owners without a monitoring subscription won’t receive alarm notifications, and won't be able to self-monitor their system using the app, and so will need to be physically at home in order to control the system manually. The company previously made these features free for all Ring Alarm customers. Ring has confirmed that Ring owners who purchased their alarm system prior to that date will continue to have full app access. One of the bonus features of the Ring Alarm Pro is its built-in Eero Wi-Fi 6 router. That said, to set up and manage the Eero’s features, you need to download the Eero app. So this one product uses two apps—plus the Alexa app, if you plan to add a smart speaker to your system. However, once you set it up, you probably won’t be consulting the Eero app much. Ring Edge is a new feature that allows you to store videos locally to a microSD card that’s inserted to the base station. However, it’s limited to Ring Alarm Pro users with a Pro subscription plan, which means you’ll need to pay for a feature that’s typically free with other systems. And finally, Ring doesn’t offer as much integration with third-party smart-home devices as our other picks, since it supports only Alexa and everything under the Works with Ring umbrella. SimpliSafe also supports Alexa and Google Assistant, but it doesn’t allow you to disarm the system using voice commands. If you want more integration and the ability to arm, disarm, and check the status of the system by voice, we recommend our also-great pick, the Abode Smart Security Kit. This SimpliSafe kit is affordable and easy to install and use. Its optional monitoring plan is slightly cheaper than that of our top pick, although it doesn’t provide video storage. *At the time of publishing, the price was $0. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, August Smart Locks. SimpliSafe is looking to migrate all SimpliSafe monitoring customers in the U.S. over to 4G, based on the expectation that 2G networks will be shut off in the U.S. on January 1. The company is providing free replacement modules that you can install, free of charge. If you didn’t receive a letter about the update, contact SimpliSafe customer service. SimpliSafe is a flexible, affordable, and easy-to-use security system that offers consistent response times from a professional monitoring service. Setting up The Essentials kit was straightforward, and it offers the ability to set an alarm delay for when you enter or exit (up to 250 seconds after entry, and between 45 and 120 seconds after exit). It’s scalable for both small and large homes and can be configured as you need with a variety of accessories, including entry and leak sensors, fire and motion detectors, cameras, and even a smart lock. SimpliSafe also works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, allowing you to arm and check the system using only voice commands. However, the system doesn’t work with many third-party smart-home devices (like Ring cameras and doorbells). It’s also a bit more expensive than our top pick, if you intend to use professional monitoring and want video storage included. The Essentials package we originally reviewed includes the base station, a keypad, three entry sensors, one motion sensor, a yard sign, and two window decals. SimpliSafe is a no-contract security system, which means you pay for the monitoring service on a month-to-month basis rather than commit to a long-term subscription. For $18 per month, you can add around-the-clock professional monitoring and a cellular connection with the Standard Monitoring plan, which enables the hub to communicate with the monitoring service without requiring a landline connection. The $28-per-month Interactive Monitoring plan adds unlimited camera recordings for up to 10 cameras, including the SimpliSafe Video Doorbell Pro, which is available separately and has a lifetime equipment warranty for qualifying subscribers. The Interactive plan also adds in Video Verification, an opt-in feature that permits the monitoring service to view live video inside your home to confirm there’s an actual emergency before they call in the cavalry—a system intended to reduce false alerts (and, as noted above, a requirement in some communities). SimpliSafe offers a free self-monitored option, as well, which sends smartphone alerts whenever a device is triggered and allows users to arm, disarm, and check the system status via the SimpliSafe app. For $10 per month, you can add 30 days of video storage for up to five indoor or doorbell cameras. The SimpliSafe equipment is now in its third generation, and the latest app and hardware have a simpler and more stylish design. The sensors are smaller, and the range on the base station—which the company claims is up to 800 feet away—is better. While our tests extended only about 80 feet in different directions, we had no issues with sensors reacting and triggering the alarm. The base station is the brains behind the SimpliSafe system. It has built-in Wi-Fi, which means it doesn’t need to be physically connected to a router and can sit in any convenient spot in your home (both monitoring plans include a backup cellular connection, in case your internet goes down). It also features a 24-hour battery backup, blue and red lights for alerts, UL certification, and an adjustable 95 dB siren (our tests actually found it closer to 98 dB), which, while not the loudest we tested (Ring was the standout), would definitely catch the attention of burglars in our 1,600-square-foot home. If you want to go louder, or if you have a large home and need more than one siren, you can purchase a standalone 105 dB siren. Unlike the Ring and Abode base stations, SimpliSafe’s provides voice prompts during setup, as well as when the system is arming and disarming. When the system is triggered, the keypad beeps to prompt you to enter your passcode before the siren starts blaring. If you have the $28-per-month Interactive monitoring plan (or the self-monitored plan with camera recording for $10 per month), you can also integrate SimpliSafe into Alexa or Google Home smart-home setups, which enables you to arm (but not disarm—this prevents an intruder from disarming the system) the system in Home or Away mode, or check the system’s status using voice commands and a smart speaker or phone. SimpliSafe’s contact sensors for doors and windows are small enough to be camouflaged when installed on white trim; the motion sensor is noticeable but not an eyesore. When we placed the motion sensor about 6.5 feet off the ground, it was quick to respond, yet it was never triggered by a 30-pound dog. SimpliSafe sells extra entry sensors, water and freeze sensors, a glass-break sensor, a panic button, a smoke detector, and a key fob. SimpliSafe also has a wireless 1080p outdoor camera, an indoor 1080p camera, and a smart video doorbell; none are on a par with the picks in our guide to the best indoor security camera, but they work well with the system and allow for that Video Verification feature. SimpliSafe also offers a door lock, which can be locked and unlocked via the app or the included PIN pad that attaches to the outside of your door. It works well, but you have to set it up through the system’s keypad (versus in the app). At 2-by-1-by-2 inches, the SimpliSafe Water Sensor is much smaller than the Ring Alarm Flood & Freeze Sensor. It performed well, delivering an audible announcement from the base station and an app alert within 1 second of contact with water. If you have a monitoring plan, the service will also call you whenever water is detected. Although entry and exit trigger times are customizable (up to 4 minutes 15 seconds), we found that the response time was always consistent: In every one of our tests, the Cops Monitoring service called exactly 44 seconds after the alarm sounded. The service was always polite, and for security it requires a safe word to restore the peace. In November 2022, the company introduced Fast Protect alarm texts, which will send a text message when the alarm triggers, providing the option to cancel any false alarms with a text reply before you actually have to talk to someone. Fast Protect also includes Critical Alarm Notifications, an opt-in service that will bypass Do Not Disturb or muted smartphones in case of an emergency. We have not tested these new features yet. Like the companies behind our other picks, SimpliSafe offers 24/7 monitoring, but if you have a hardware problem in the middle of the night, you may have to wait to get help. You can contact customer service through email, Twitter, and Facebook, but live help is available only from 8 a.m. to midnight Eastern, seven days a week. This is better than Abode, which has live phone support from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.—but Ring offers it 24/7. In August 2019, the LockPickingLawyer YouTube channel posted a video showing how to hack into a SimpliSafe system using a $2 remote. The company responded with a statement that said the system would alert users when it detected any type of interference. (SimpliSafe also questioned the video, claiming that there would need to be a perfect storm of circumstances for someone to successfully hack the system.) Over the period of a week, we ran more than 25 tests using two different 433 MHz remotes, with contact sensors located 6 to 26 feet away from the SimpliSafe Base Station, and we were unable to replicate the issue. Although our testing shouldn’t be taken as conclusive, we believe this issue is unlikely to be a real-world problem for SimpliSafe customers who own the current system. To determine how well the SimpliSafe security system worked over time, we solicited feedback from staff members at Wirecutter who own the device. Here’s what they said. “The first time we went out of town, we had a false alarm, but I think it’s because our doors can jiggle a bit with the wind and make it seem like they’re open, so we adjusted the sensitivity and triggers, and it’s been fine since. The lights going on and off in our living room have also sometimes triggered the motion sensor.”. —Daniela Gorny, supervising editor,
SimpliSafe customer since 2021. Abode offers more smart-home integration than any other security system we tested, which means you can tie it into smart-home devices from different manufacturers. Compatible with: Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, IFTTT, Z-Wave, Zigbee. If you already use a bunch of smart-home devices and want a security system that can integrate with many of them, you might prefer the UL-certified Abode Smart Security Kit. It is compatible with sensors and accessories that communicate wirelessly using Z-Wave, Zigbee, and AbodeRF (radio frequency). Abode also integrates with Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, and IFTTT, so it should fit into more elaborate DIY home-automation setups. However, the Abode kit isn’t as pretty as our top pick, costs more for the main system and most accessory devices, and, compared with our other picks, offers limited access to live customer service (9 a.m. to 11 p.m. Eastern, seven days a week). Installing the Abode system is as easy as any other system we tested, but placement is more limited than with the SimpliSafe and original Ring Alarm systems—rather than using Wi-Fi, the Abode hub needs to be wired to your network router with an ethernet cable. (The Abode Iota uses Wi-Fi, but we don’t recommend that system, for reasons mentioned in The competition.) We found the Abode Gateway hub to be less attractive and a little bulky compared with our other picks, about the same size as a standard router. In addition to the network and cellular connections (with a paid Pro Plan subscription), the base station has a five-hour backup battery, which is 19 hours less than the Ring and SimpliSafe base stations. The Abode system costs more up front than our top pick: For about $250, you get just the Gateway, one door/window sensor, one motion sensor, and a key fob. There is a free plan that allows for self-monitoring, live camera views, and smart-device integrations. For $6 per month or $60 per year, the Standard plan adds seven days of events and video storage as well as CUE automations—which, similar to IFTTT, allow you to create multi-step conditional triggers and Routines in the Abode app that can factor in details like the weather, the time, and the phone locations of family members. For instance, we set up a Rule so that we get a smartphone notification when a monitored door is open for longer than five minutes, but only if we’re not home. The Standard plan does not include professional monitoring (unless you pay an additional fee for three- or seven-day monitoring) or cellular backup; the $20 Pro option adds 24/7 pro monitoring and 30 days of video storage. Abode’s web and mobile apps are easy to use and allow you to arm and disarm the system, access cameras, check the status of sensors, and control third-party smart-home devices, including Philips Hue bulbs, Ecobee thermostats, and Schlage door locks. A paid subscription adds access to an event timeline and the ability to add the aforementioned CUE automations. The system performed well in our tests, both in self-monitoring mode and when connected to the monitoring service. Users can customize entry and exit delays up to four minutes. The system sends an instant push confirmation when in Away mode or when the alarm is triggered. When we tested the professional monitoring, we got service calls between 70 and 120 seconds after the alarm was triggered. The service rep was always polite and asked for a four-digit PIN to keep police from being dispatched. We were able to arm and disarm the Abode system using Alexa, Google Assistant, and Apple HomeKit. For Alexa and Google Assistant, you need to speak a PIN, whereas HomeKit requires you to unlock your iPhone. In addition to the Z-Wave and Zigbee products and sensors that you can add to the system, Abode sells several models of door/window sensors, acoustic glass-break sensors, cameras, and other sensors and accessories, including a smoke-alarm monitor that works in conjunction with your existing UL-listed smoke detector. Abode also has an indoor/outdoor camera with 1080p resolution, the Abode Cam 2. We found it worked best when used with 24/7 video recording, an optional, $9-per-month add-on to Abode’s subscription plans (otherwise, the camera is limited to capturing up to 30 seconds of video). In our tests the Abode Cam 2 left huge gaps between clips; it also lacks motion-sensitivity settings and has a limited, 121-degree field of view. During long-term testing, we added the Abode Water Leak Sensor to our security-system setup. Unlike those of our other picks, it includes a 4-foot water-sensing cable for hard-to-reach places. It did respond well when water was present, but then we realized it’s the only one of our picks that won’t also summon a monitoring service when it sends a smartphone alert. To determine how well the Abode security system worked over time, we solicited feedback from staff members at Wirecutter who own the device. Here’s what they said. “No huge issues! Every once in a while I have to re-log in to the app—it’s never at a convenient time, but it also isn’t a huge deal. It’s worth mentioning that the cellular data backup works flawlessly when the Wi-Fi goes out.”. —Eric Dulcet, senior software engineer,
Abode customer since 2021. We recently added notes on water-leak sensors for each of our top picks. We also plan to test glass-break sensors from Ring, SimpliSafe, and Abode, and will update this guide with our findings. SimpliSafe has announced 24/7 Live Guard, a service which will work exclusively with its new Smart Alarm Wireless Indoor Security Camera. This battery-powered camera can distinguish between people and pets but also can be configured to directly alert a monitoring service. A service rep is then able to view alarms (which they can already do via Video Verification), and also communicate directly with the person who is being watched. A SimpliSafe base station and Interactive subscription are required to use both. The camera is expected to be available later this year; pricing for both the program and the camera is still yet to be confirmed. The heart of the Arlo Security System is a Wi-Fi hub with an integrated, backlit keypad, a siren, a motion detector, and the ability to alert you when smoke and CO alarms are triggered. The $199 kit comes with the hub and two external all-in-one sensors, which connect back to the hub via wireless Arlo SecureLink technology, and can be placed throughout the house. (A starter kit with the hub and five sensors is $299.) The system can be self-monitored without a monthly fee, or with a live monitoring plan that costs $25 per month as of February 2023. ADT expects to launch new devices this year. In the meantime, ADT will launch the ADT+ app in February, which will allow for a DIY setup of ADT’s existing system, and the ability for users to control ADT devices (and compatible Google Nest cameras) within the app. Self-monitoring will be available, and professional monitoring starts at $46 a month. Wyze has launched live professional monitoring for any of the company’s cameras for $4 per month or $40 per year. We have not yet tested the service, which works with the Wyze Cam v3, a pick in our indoor and outdoor security-camera guides. If you’re looking to add sensors, the Wyze Home Monitoring system is the cheapest we tested, with equipment that retails for $80 and includes a year of monitoring provided by Noonlight. (Otherwise, it’s $10 per month or $100 per year.) Wyze also offers a free self-monitored option. But neither plan offers cellular backup or fire protection, and only the sensors work with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant—which means you can’t arm/disarm or check the system status with voice commands. Like the Abode Smart Security Kit, Scout is a no-contract system with Z-Wave and Zigbee support and a (bulky) base station that needs to be tethered to a router. However, we think the Abode is a better deal, since it offers support for more third-party products and services (including Apple HomeKit), app access and push notifications without a subscription, and lower-cost monitoring plans. We dismissed the Eufy Security 5-Piece Home Alarm Kit due to its lack of add-ons. It offers no glass-break sensors, panic buttons, flood sensors, or smoke detection. We do like the option to use the Eufy as a self-monitored system or with a $10-per-month monitoring plan, even though the latter doesn’t include cellular backup. We like that Blue by ADT has a self-monitoring mode with app alerts, and that you can opt for professional monitoring for $20 per month. However, the system just doesn’t compare with any of our picks in performance or looks. It doesn’t currently support glass-break sensors, and fire protection is available only if you have an existing detector and the $200 Blue by ADT Indoor Camera (which we don’t recommend). ADT-branded outdoor and doorbell cameras are available for around $200 each (we didn’t love them), but you have to pay another $6 per month (for unlimited cameras at one location) for more than 24 hours of video storage—even if you already pay the monitoring fee. Like the Eufy kit, the Ecobee Smart Security system lacks several add-ons, notably flood sensors and smoke detection (though it can listen for the alarm of separate smoke detectors in the home), and the only sirens are on the thermostat (and on the camera, too, but we don’t recommend it). There’s no backup battery, and the optional $10-per-month live-monitoring fee doesn’t include cellular backup. The Frontpoint Security system, along with its Interactive Monitoring plan, was our favorite home security system from 2013 to early 2016. Since then, the company has dropped the need for a contract, but the monthly fee is more expensive than that of any of our top picks. Cove’s system matches that of SimpliSafe in almost every way. What kept it from being a pick was its app—in our testing it would freeze up on occasion and lock us out constantly, requiring us to enter a password for every login. We encountered a few technical issues with the internal camera and false alarms while long-term testing the Abode Iota, and we no longer recommend it. We also dismissed the Ooma Smart Security system because the monitoring option isn’t currently available in Alabama, Arkansas, the District of Columbia, Florida, Maryland, Montana, Rhode Island, or Virginia. This article was edited by Jon Chase and Grant Clauser. The cost of a home security system varies depending on the number of devices and accessories included. A good starter system can be had for around $200 and should include a base station, a keypad, at least one door/contact sensor, and a motion sensor. Look for a system that allows you to start small and add on other devices and features as your needs change; contact sensors go for as little as $15, cameras can cost anywhere from $30 to $250, and so on. Having a security system in an apartment is a good idea, especially in buildings with high traffic. You never know whom your neighbor could be buzzing in—in fact, they might not even know. A security system can also alert you to dangers from fire, flood, and frozen pipes. DIY security systems are perfect for pretty much any living situation, including rental houses and apartments. Many of the various accessories, such as the contact and motion sensors, come with strong, two-sided adhesive, so you won’t need to drill into walls (and risk losing your security deposit). Also, because many security systems offer month-to-month contracts, you won’t have to worry about being locked into something long term, or passing a contract on to the next renter. Make sure to check with your landlord before you invest in a system, in case there are clauses in your lease that forbid the use of cameras or other security accessories; at the very least, it’s a good idea to let them know you’re installing a system that could trigger a loud alarm or visits from the police and/or fire departments. David Ludlow, Best home security systems 2022, Top Ten Reviews, January 11, 2021. Katie McEntire, How to Choose a Security System, SafeWise, December 15, 2021. Shelley Little, What You Should Know Before Buying a Home Security System, MyMove, May 5, 2022. Anita Ostrowski, 5 Benefits of On-Demand Home Monitoring, Vector Security, August 15, 2017. David Priest and David Anders, Best DIY Home Security Systems for 2022, CNET, June 12, 2022. Rachel Cericola is a senior staff writer at Wirecutter who has been covering smart-home technology since the days of X10. Her work has appeared in The New York Times, Wired, Men’s Health, USA Today, and others. She hopes her neighbors read this bio because it would explain why she always has four video doorbells running simultaneously outside her home. The Vivint Smart Home security system is reliable and easy to use, but expensive and quirky unless you want the convenience of a pro install and maintenance. When getting a home security system, most people should opt for professional monitoring. Here’s how to decide. Using smart-home devices to protect your home doesn’t have to cost a ton. by Jennifer Pattison Tuohy. If you want to power up your smart home, then you need to install smart sensors—tiny detectors that tell other smart devices what to do automatically. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

Upgrade your traditional watch by adding apps, data, and notifications to your wrist. Here are the features to look for, along with the top-rated smartwatches we've tested. I’m PCMag’s executive editor of reviews, steering our coverage to make sure we're testing the products you're interested in buying and telling you whether they're worth it. I've been here for more than 10 years. I previously managed the consumer electronics reviews team, and before that I covered mobile, smart home, and wearable technology for PCMag and Gigaom. I'm PCMag's expert on fitness and smart home technology, and I've written more than 6,000 articles and reviews in the 10-plus years I've been here. I unbox, set up, test, and review a wide range of consumer tech products from my home in Florida, often with the help of my pitbull Bradley. I'm also a yoga instructor, and have been actively teaching group and private classes for nearly a decade. The infamous calculator watch(Opens in a new window) has been around since the 1970s, but smartwatches have finally reached the point that they're, well, smart. From running apps, to displaying smartphone notifications, to monitoring your heart rate, the latest crop of smartwatches do a lot more than just tell time. But which one should you buy? We've rounded up our favorites to help you decide. It's also important to know what to look for, so make sure to check out our buying guide at the end for guidance through your shopping journey. *Deals are selected by our commerce team. With new features such as body temperature sensing and car crash detection, the Apple Watch Series 8 is the right choice for most smartwatch buyers. In addition to ample health and fitness features, the Fitbit Versa 3 smartwatch improves on its predecessor with a larger screen, integrated GPS for pace and distance tracking, a blood oxygen sensor, and fast charging. Samsung's Galaxy Watch 5 improves on a winning formula with a more durable design and longer battery life than its predecessors, making it the best Android-compatible smartwatch on the market. With a faster processor, better battery life, and a lower price than the previous model, the second-generation Apple Watch SE is an excellent budget-minded alternative to the Series 8. Though bulky and expensive, the rugged Apple Watch Ultra is an excellent adventure-focused wearable with features that encourage exploration and keep you safe in the wild. Fitbit's health-focused Sense 2 smartwatch puts an emphasis on stress management while improving upon the original with a more responsive touch screen and longer battery life. Ideal for small wrists, the Garmin Lily smartwatch has a fashionable, jewelry-inspired design and many useful health-tracking features for a reasonable price. The attractive Garmin Venu 2 smartwatch offers a large collection of advanced health and fitness features, plus useful lifestyle tools including mobile payments, onboard music storage, and Bluetooth headphone support. With a unique design and familiar Wear OS and Fitbit features, Google's Pixel Watch is one of the best Android-compatible smartwatches you can buy. The high-end Galaxy Watch4 Classic features a stainless steel design and a rotating bezel backed by a better software experience and more third-party apps than previous Samsung smartwatches, though you can get a similar experience for $100 less with the standard Watch4 model. The Amazfit T-Rex is a rugged fitness and sleep tracker with a color touch screen and long battery life. Naturally, the first thing you should consider when buying a smartwatch is compatibility. All Apple Watch models run watchOS, Apple's smartwatch operating system, and work only with iOS devices. Apple's latest wearables—the Series 8, the Ultra, and the Watch SE (2022)—require an iPhone 8 or newer that has iOS 16 or later. Samsung's Galaxy Watch 5 smartwatches use One UI Watch 4.5, a version of Google's Wear OS 3.5. They require devices that have at least Android 8.0 and more than 1.5GB RAM. Note that although you can pair the Watch 5 with non-Samsung Android phones, some features, including electrocardiogram (ECG) measurements, work only with Samsung handsets. Google's Pixel Watch runs Wear OS 3.5 and works with smartphones on Android 8.0 (or later). It's not exclusive to Pixel phones and should pair just fine with devices from any other Android phone maker, including Samsung. Most of the other smartwatches on this list are compatible with both Android and iOS smartphones. But before you buy any smartwatch, double-check its compatibility with your smartphone. We include these details in our reviews of each product. What separates a smartwatch from a dumb watch? Lots of things, but as smartphones have taught us, apps might be the most important. Most of the watches we like feature full-fledged app stores that bring everything from Spotify, Yelp, and—yes, a calculator—to your wrist. Much like smartphones, app availability is a good way to determine which product to get, so make sure to check out the app selection for each watch before you make a final decision. If you're looking for apps, Apple is your best bet. The Apple Watch has the largest number of high-quality apps and big-name developers, by far. But Google's Wear OS platform is catching up. Samsung's latest smartwatches feature popular Google apps like Assistant, Maps, and the Play Store, alongside Samsung's Bixby, Buds Controller, Pay, and more. The Pixel Watch features all the Google standbys, including Assistant, Gmail, Home, Maps, the Play Store, and Wallet. Other popular apps available for download via the Google Play Store on Wear OS smartwatches include Adidas Running, Amazon Alexa, Calm, Hand Wash, iHeart: Music, KakaoTalk, Lifesum, Line, Map My Fitness, Samsung SmartThings, Shazam, Ski Tracks, Spotify, Strava, Swim.com, Todoist, and YouTube Music. Still, some popular apps available on the Apple Watch are missing from Wear OS, including Amazon Music, Facebook Messenger, Pandora, and Telegram. Unless you want a gadget on both of your wrists (not the best look), you should pick a smartwatch that also works as a fitness tracker. Most smartwatches are capable of tracking basic activity, like steps, but you need to pay close attention to additional features. Most of the smartwatches on our list feature GPS connectivity, which means they can track your runs without the help of a companion device (the Garmin Lily is an exception). Most modern smartwatches also have an optical heart rate sensor that can take continuous and on-demand heart rate measurements. Apple's and Samsung's latest smartwatches offer several advanced health-tracking features, including the ability to take an electrocardiogram (ECG) and measure your blood oxygen saturation (SpO2) level. Of course, they're among the most expensive products on this list. Fitbit Versa devices are more affordable and track plenty of fitness and sleep metrics, but have less in the way of third-party apps, so there are some trade-offs. Look closely and choose a watch that tracks the activities and health metrics you want to monitor. A cellular connection allows you to make calls, send texts, stream music, download apps, and do anything else that requires an internet connection, without your phone. The cellular Apple Watch Series 8 carries a $100 premium over the base model (Bluetooth and Wi-Fi only), and then you also have to pay for a separate data plan—most carriers charge an additional $10 per month per smartwatch. The Galaxy Watch 5 and Google Pixel Watch are also available with cellular connectivity. Whether this convenience is worth it for you depends on how you plan to use your watch. If you want to stream music while you exercise and leave your phone at home or in the locker room, a cellular connection can certainly come in handy. If you always have your phone on you, however, you can probably save money and skip it. You don't want a smartwatch with good battery life, right? Good, because you're not going to get it. Features like an always-on display and GPS tracking are nice, but they drain battery life quickly. Watches with full-color, smartphone-like displays, like the Apple Watch and Wear OS watches, generally only last about a day on a charge. The Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 Pro and the Apple Watch Ultra are the exceptions. In testing, the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro's massive 590mAh cell lasted 79 hours (more than three full days) with light use and the screen brightness set as low as possible. That makes the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro the longest-lasting, feature-rich smartwatch we have tried, beating the Apple Watch Ultra by a hair. In general, you get much better battery life with one of the Fitbit watches. They typically last around six days on a single charge. Smartwatches can be very expensive, but that doesn't mean you need to spend a lot of money to get a good one. Yes, the $1,000+ Apple Watch Hermès is sure to draw a lot of attention, but for that price, you could buy five Fitbits. If you're a first-time smartwatch buyer, consider the less-expensive route first in case you wind up not wearing it all that much. The $20 Wyze Watch and the $159 OnePlus Watch are two affordable options, but be sure to read our reviews so you're aware of their limitations before you spend money on them. As mentioned, all of the models on this list work with Android phones except for the Apple Watch. The Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 is our current favorite because of its streamlined design, excellent health and safety features, and useful calling and texting capabilities. Outdoor adventurers might prefer the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro, which offers a more durable titanium case, an even stronger sapphire crystal glass display, longer battery life, and a few outdoor-specific navigation features. The Fitbit Versa 3 is an excellent affordable option. With support for smartphone notifications; Amazon Alexa; Fitbit Pay mobile payments; Deezer and Pandora music and podcast storage; and Spotify music controls, it's one of the most feature-rich Android-compatible smartwatches in its price range. For more, check out our roundups of the best Android watches and the best Samsung watches. Let's not forget: You're also going to wear this thing. And unlike your Timex, it's probably not going to remain in style for years. Smartwatch design is rapidly changing, so hold out until you find something you actually want to wear. And keep in mind that smartwatches are still gadgets. The coming year is sure to bring new iterations of pretty much every watch on this list, not to mention completely new ones. The battle for wrist real estate is quickly heating up. That's good news for consumers because this pace of innovation is likely to result in more capable—and more stylish—devices. I wouldn't be surprised if this list reads completely differently the next time you see it. But if you're looking for the best smartwatch available today, the options here are the finest we've tested. Sign up for Lab Report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. Your subscription has been confirmed. Keep an eye on your inbox! I’m PCMag’s executive editor of reviews, steering our coverage to make sure we're testing the products you're interested in buying and telling you whether they're worth it. I've been here for more than 10 years. I previously managed the consumer electronics reviews team, and before that I covered mobile, smart home, and wearable technology for PCMag and Gigaom. I'm PCMag's expert on fitness and smart home technology, and I've written more than 6,000 articles and reviews in the 10-plus years I've been here. I unbox, set up, test, and review a wide range of consumer tech products from my home in Florida, often with the help of my pitbull Bradley. I'm also a yoga instructor, and have been actively teaching group and private classes for nearly a decade. Before becoming an analyst in 2020, I spent eight years as a reporter covering consumer tech news. Prior to joining PCMag, I was a reporter for SC Magazine, focusing on hackers and computer security. I earned a BS in journalism from West Virginia University, and started my career writing for newspapers in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. Read Angela's full bio. PCMag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. Our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. PCMag supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. © 1996-2023 Ziff Davis, LLC., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. PCMag, PCMag.com and PC Magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of PCMag. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.

'ZDNET Recommends': What exactly does it mean? ZDNET's recommendations are based on many hours of testing, research, and comparison shopping. We gather data from the best available sources, including vendor and retailer listings as well as other relevant and independent reviews sites. And we pore over customer reviews to find out what matters to real people who already own and use the products and services we’re assessing. When you click through from our site to a retailer and buy a product or service, we may earn affiliate commissions. This helps support our work, but does not affect what we cover or how, and it does not affect the price you pay. Neither ZDNET nor the author are compensated for these independent reviews.  Indeed, we follow strict guidelines that ensure our editorial content is never influenced by advertisers. ZDNET's editorial team writes on behalf of you, our reader. Our goal is to deliver the most accurate information and the most knowledgeable advice possible in order to help you make smarter buying decisions on tech gear and a wide array of products and services. Our editors  thoroughly review and fact-check every article to ensure that our content meets the highest standards. If we have made an error or published misleading information, we will correct or clarify the article. If you see inaccuracies in our content, please report the mistake via this form. Fitness trackers offer a reasonably-priced alternative to smartwatches. The first modern smartwatch, the Fossil Wrist PDA, was launched in 2003 from Palm. Microsoft then followed up with its unique SPOT watch collection powered by MSN Direct services running over FM radio waves. Motorola, Pebble, Samsung, Suunto, and others then provided options as wearables advanced with smartphones. Today's smartwatches offer more advanced features, such as detailed 24/7 health and wellness tracking, voice assistants, call and text message support, and a variety of apps and services that extend the power of your smartphone to your wrist. Some models have cellular support and can serve your needs independently from your phone for limited functionality. In 2023, there are several powerful options available to help you get work done through a wearable device. The latest Apple Watch is the best smartwatch overall -- especially for Apple users. The Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 is the best option for Samsung phone owners, and there are a few others that some consider best for both Android and iOS. Experts in athletics, fitness, and the medical field share why they love their smartwatch of choice. Learn more about the best devices for your wrist, and why you might choose one over another. Also: The best smart rings. Tech specs: Display: 396 x 484 pixels OLED | Battery life: 18 hours | Dimensions: 45 x 38 x 10.7 mm | Weight: 38.8 grams (Al) | Water/Dust resistance: 50m with IP6X | LTE cellular option: Yes. In 2015, Apple released its first Apple Watch, and over the next seven years, it secured its place as the best smartwatch available. No other watch has such vast application support while also getting the smartwatch essentials nearly perfect. It may be debatable if an iPhone is the best smartphone or not, but it is clear the Apple Watch is the wearable to beat. Review: The Apple Watch 8 is a sleeper hit, even if it doesn't match Samsung's sensors. For daily use, the Series 8 has even won over serious athletes. Former University of San Diego track athlete Emma Clark replaced her Garmin Forerunner with an Apple Watch Series 8 when she retired from competition. "For someone who lives an active lifestyle but is no longer competing competitively, it makes the most sense to have a watch integrated with important things on my phone, like my calendar and messages," she said. Released in 2022, the Series 8 model builds upon the Apple Watch legacy. New for this version is temperature sensing. It reads your temperature as you sleep. Combined with the Sleep app, you receive a more complete picture of your sleeping habits. Also: Apple Watch Series 8 vs. Apple Watch Series 7: Which is best for you? Also new is Cycle Tracking, which estimates when ovulation occurs -- essential for couples looking to start or add to their families. The system can also detect deviations, such as prolonged or irregular periods. Then, there's Crash Detection, also new for the Apple Watch Series 8. It can detect when you're involved in a car crash and connect you to emergency services. Overall, the new Apple Watch Series 8 continues the legacy of setting the bar high. Tech specs: Display: 368 x 448 pixels OLED | Battery life: 18 hours | Dimensions: 44x38x10.7 mm | Weight: 36.5 grams (Al) | Water resistance: 50m | LTE cellular option: Yes. Apple made an interesting move in 2020 and released a lower-priced Apple Watch designed to expand the use of an Apple Watch to other family members. The newest version of Apple Watch SE starts at just $249 and if you are an iPhone user, it's an easy wearable to recommend. Emery Wright, a ZDNET associate editor who contributed to this article, wears her Apple Watch to track her steps, check notifications, and stay mindful of how she spends her time. She said it helps her accurately track running distance and pace while she trains for her next half-marathon. With an Apple Watch, iPhone users can answer phone calls, receive notifications, and send messages from the convenience of their own wrist. That's why Dr. Richard Newman, MD, Head & Neck Surgical Oncologist prefers wearing Apple Watch over Garmin during his everyday routine. Now retired, 75-year-old Dr. Newman is training for his 75th marathon, and he appreciates the convenience of smartphone connectivity: "For daily running, I use the Apple Watch. As a physician, sometimes I get a call and so I like being able to answer. It also monitors my heart rate," he said. The next generation of the Apple Watch SE contains many features from the Apple Watch Series 8. You gain Crash Detection technology, so the watch can detect if you've been in an accident and contacts first responders. Also: Apple Watch SE (2022) vs Apple Watch SE (2020): Should you upgrade? It also features the enhanced Workout app, giving you access to custom workouts, and advanced metrics like heart rate zones, stride, length, and vertical oscillation. Ultimately, the newest version of the Apple Watch SE proves great things can come in small packages. Tech specs: Display: 1.4-inch, 450 x 450 pixels Super AMOLED | Battery life: Two-three days | Dimensions: 45.5 x 45.5 x 15.0 mm | Weight: 46.5 grams (without strap) | Water resistance: 5 ATM+IP68 | LTE cellular option: Yes. Samsung is clearly not standing by as Apple continues to update and improve the Apple Watch. Samsung's latest Galaxy Watch 5 Pro offers many of the same advanced health tracking features, such as blood oxygen monitoring, ECG, and sleep tracking, with longer battery life than the Apple Watch. I also see the addition of body composition measurements in the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro, skin temperature sensor, and materials typically found in high-end GPS sports watches priced at twice the cost of the Watch 5 Pro. I spent a few weeks with the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro conducting our full review and prefer using it over the Apple Watch Series 7. The Watch 5 Pro runs Google Wear OS 3 powered by Samsung. This means it still looks like a Samsung smartwatch, but also supports Google Assistant, Google Maps, Google Wallet, Google Play Store, and more Google apps. It has an operating system optimized for the round watch design with a virtual rotating bezel. Fall detection, messaging, phone calls, and more are available on the watch, with advanced fitness data such as VO2 Max and advanced running dynamics data also supported. Tech specs: Display: 218 x 218 pixels, sunlight-visible, transflective memory-in-pixel (MIP) | Battery life: Up to 12 days in smartwatch mode; up the 26 hours in GPS-only GNSS mode| Dimensions: 41 x 41 x 12.4 millimeters | Weight: 39 grams; 1.4 ounces | Water resistance: 5 ATM | LTE cellular option: No. Garmin is the industry leader in activity-tracking sensors, and the Garmin Forerunner smartwatch line is a prime example. Compared to the Apple Watch, the Forerunner 255 battery life is a game-changer, lasting up to 12 days in smartwatch mode and 26 hours in GPS mode. The activity sensors are the most advanced on the market -- it would be easier to list the features it doesn't have. With this device on your wrist, you'll receive a morning report of your sleep, daily workout suggestions, recovery levels, advanced heart rate tracking, running metrics, and race time predictors. You can also easily switch between activities for triathlon and multisport training. The list of data it provides is endless. It's no surprise that many athletes choose Garmin to level up their training. Ultramarathoner and triathaloner Jess Baerg says she always goes back to Garmin, whether she's training for an Ironman or casual marathon. "I love the app and all the data it gives you. I love looking at numbers and stats, so it's perfect for me. Battery life has gotten so much better, and they last forever," said Baerg. Before she retired from USD's division 1 track team, Clark also used a Garmin Forerunner to track her runs. "I would 100% recommend a Garmin Forerunner! It has a better GPS, doesn't need to sit flush to [the] skin (so you can wear a long sleeve and the watch over), and it has an easier-to-read watch face.". Also: I compared the best Garmin watches. The Garmin Forerunner 255 is one of the most recent models, and it comes in two size options: 41 or 46 millimeters. It's compatible with iPhone and Android, so you can enjoy contactless payments, notifications, and custom widgets just like with other smartwatches. You can also opt for a Forerunner 255 Music, which allows you to download up to 500 songs and connect to headphones for phone-free listening. Review: The Garmin Forerunner 255 Music is a runner's watch fit for the masses. It's clear that Garmin has a unique fanbase among runners and athletes. Tech specs: Display: 1.58-inch, 336 x 336 pixels AMOLED | Battery life: Six days | Dimensions: 40.5 x 40.5 x 12.35 mm | Weight: 48 grams | Water resistance: 5 ATM | LTE Cellular option: No. The Fitbit Sense has a stainless steel ring around the watch face and additional sensors on the back so that it offers support for ECG, skin temperature, and a few more advanced health metrics. If you want to save $70 then you can buy the Fitbit Versa 3 and lose out on a few advanced wellness metrics. I tested the Fitbit Sense for a few weeks, and I was impressed by the device's ease of use and capability as a health and wellness device. A significant improvement in this watch compared to previous Fitbit watches is the integrated GPS receiver that will help you more accurately track your outside activities. Review: The Fitbit Sense has advanced health and wellness tracking, GPS, and more. The Fitbit ecosystem is well supported, with many people on the platform to help motivate you toward achieving your daily activity and fitness goals. The smartphone app is fantastic and offers a ton of insight, recommendations, and understanding of the data collected by the watches. Android smartphone users enjoy a better experience with support for quick text message replies, but these new Fitbit watches work well with Android and iOS for most functions. Our pick for the best smartwatch is the Apple Watch Series 8. It may be debatable if an iPhone is the best smartphone or not, but it is clear the Apple Watch is the wearable to beat -- especially for Apple users. If you're an Android user, you may prefer a Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. I picked up the LTE model that provides cellular connectivity independently from my phone, but when paired with the Galaxy Z Fold 4, it's a perfect combination of elegance and power. The battery life even exceeds the Apple Watch. Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. Garmin Forerunner 255. If you own an iPhone, I highly recommend the Apple Watch SE or Apple Watch Series 8. Honestly, most people will be perfectly happy with the less expensive Watch SE and not even see much of a difference for decent cost savings. Nothing beats the Apple Watch for its third-party apps, seamless connectivity, Apple Pay, and much more. With the move from Tizen to Google WearOS, the Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 models are amazing smartwatches that may soon top Apple with the ability to work with both Android and iPhone devices. There is a lot of potential here with this new partnership and I look forward to more developments. The Galaxy Watch 5 Pro has better materials than the Apple Watch Series 8 and is built to withstand the elements. Eric Potter, USA weightlifting Level 1 Coach and Performance Coach at Future fitness, encourages people to choose a smartwatch based on compatibility, recommending an Apple Watch for iPhone users and Samsung Galaxy Watch for Android fans. Both smartwatches are capable of tracking steps, heart rate, and exercise, but there are also a few key differences, he notes. "The Apple Watch has a larger interface allowing for easier viewing," he said. "On the other hand, the Samsung Galaxy Watch is cheaper than the Apple Watch, and the battery life tends to last longer.". However, finding the best smartwatch for you can be more complicated, especially if you're looking for a smartwatch that fits a specific use case. Check out my expert recommendations below. Choose this smartwatch... A well-rounded smartwatch for fitness and communication. A more affordable option for Apple ecosystems. Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. A reliable Google Wear OS watch for your Samsung phone. Garmin Forerunner 255. A smartwatch for advanced health tracking. A simple smartwatch for beginners. I have spent weeks, sometimes months, with most of these wearables while connecting them to the Apple iPhone and various Android smartwatches. I have run, walked, hiked, biked, slept, worked, traveled, played, and more with these watches on my wrists. I also read other reviews and reviewer guides provided by the smartwatch makers to make sure I have explored all of the available features. Experts in various fields, like athletics, fitness, and medicine, also revealed why they love their smartwatch of choice. Google Wear OS watches and the Fitbit work with both Android and iPhone devices, but Samsung's new Galaxy Watches do not work with the iPhone. iPhone users should stick with the Apple Watch while Samsung phone users should seriously consider a Galaxy Watch 5 model. You absolutely can! However, most of their screens are too small to type on, so you'll compose messages with speech-to-text or other dictation functions or by choosing from several generic, auto-generated responses. While you can leave your iPhone at home while you run, go to the store, or stroll on the beach, you must have an iPhone turned on and connected to the internet at this other location. This is one reason why connecting to an iPhone and then switching to an Android then makes the Apple Watch basically useless to use with an Android phone. A cellular-enabled Samsung Galaxy Watch can indeed act as a stand-alone mobile device after initial setup. With the latest Galaxy Watch 5 running Wear OS powered by Samsung, there are many more apps that can be used on the go so you can leave the phone behind in most cases. Health and fitness tracking have been the areas with the most innovations and improvements in the last couple of years. While these watches are not medical devices, they have sensors, algorithms, and applications that help you track trends in your heart rate, stress levels, and blood oxygen levels, even helping you detect when ovulation occurs. You can use it as a basic ECG to check if further investigation is needed. The latest Galaxy Watch 5 can also measure your body composition and testing indicates it matches other methods fairly well. All of these smartwatches can also serve as capable GPS sports watches to track the details of your outdoor activities. Exercise guidance is provided on the watch with connected health applications on your smartphone so you can keep track of your progress too. There are a few models out there that are capable of measuring health stats like blood pressure, which are great for giving you a general idea of how your health journey is going so you can keep your doctors up-to-date with your healthcare plans. However, they're not as accurate as an actual blood pressure monitor, so you shouldn't solely rely on your smartwatch to monitor your heart or general health. There are lots of options out there if you're looking for a smartwatch to pair with your phone to keep up with calls and messages or track your workouts and morning jogs. Here's a short list of alternative choices that I thought were great:.

Just a few years ago, the case for buying a smartwatch was unclear. The market wasn't as saturated as it is today, and features were more limited. Today, the wearable world is filled with various high-quality options, and a few key players, like the Apple Watch, Samsung Galaxy Watch and Fitbit Versa, have muscled their way to the front of the pack with their smart features. Chances are, if you’re reading this guide, you’ve probably already decided that it’s time to upgrade whatever's on your wrist - be it a standard timepiece or an aging smartwatch. Regardless of which category you fall into, the list of factors you’ll want to consider before deciding which is the best smartwatch for you to buy is a long one, and we'll help you make sense of it. Apple Watches only work with iPhones, while Wear OS devices play nice with both iOS and Android. Smartwatches made by Samsung, Garmin, Fitbit and others are also compatible with Android and iOS, but you’ll need to install a companion app. The smartwatch OS will also dictate the type and number of on-watch apps you’ll have access to. Many of these aren’t useful, though, making this factor a fairly minor one in the grand scheme of things. The best smartwatches generally cost between $300 and $400. Compared to budget smartwatches, which cost between $100 and $250, these pricier devices have advanced communications, music and fitness features. They also often  include perks like onboard GPS tracking, music storage and NFC, which budget devices generally don’t. Great deals on consumer electronics delivered straight to your inbox, curated by Engadget’s editorial team. See latest. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms and Privacy Policy. Some companies make specialized fitness watches: Those can easily run north of $500, and we’d only recommend them to serious athletes. Luxury smartwatches from brands like TAG Heuer and Hublot can also reach sky-high prices, but we wouldn’t endorse any of them. These devices can cost more than $1,000, and you’re usually paying for little more than a brand name and some needlessly exotic selection of build materials. Battery life remains one of our biggest complaints about smartwatches, but there’s hope as of late. You can expect two full days from Apple Watches and most Wear OS devices. Watches using the Snapdragon Wear 3100 processor support extended battery modes that promise up to five days on a charge — if you’re willing to shut off most smart features aside from, you know, displaying the time. Snapdragon’s next-gen Wear 4100 and 4100+ processors were announced in 2020, but only a handful of devices – some of which aren’t even available yet – are using them so far. Other models can last five to seven days, but they usually have fewer features and lower-quality displays. Meanwhile, some fitness watches can last weeks on a single charge. A few smartwatches now support faster charging, too. For example, Apple promises the Series 7 can go from zero to 80 percent power in only 45 minutes, and get to full charge in 75 minutes. The OnePlus Watch is even speedier, powering up from zero to 43 percent in just 10 minutes. (Mind you that turned out to be one of the only good things about that device.). Any smartwatch worth considering delivers call, text and app alerts to your wrist. Call and text alerts are self explanatory, but if those mean a lot to you, consider a watch with LTE. They’re more expensive than their WiFi-only counterparts, but data connectivity allows the smartwatch to take and receive calls, and do the same with text messages, without your phone nearby. As far as app alerts go, getting them delivered to your wrist will let you glance down to the watch face and see if you absolutely need to check your phone right now. Activity tracking is a big reason why people turn to smartwatches. An all-purpose timepiece should function as a fitness tracker, logging your steps, calories and workouts, and most of today’s wearables have a heart rate monitor as well. Many smartwatches' fitness features include onboard GPS, which is useful for tracking distance for runs and bike rides. Swimmers will want something water resistant, and thankfully most all-purpose devices now can withstand at least a dunk in the pool. Some smartwatches from companies like Garmin are more fitness focused than others and tend to offer more advanced features like heart-rate-variance tracking, recovery time estimation, onboard maps and more. Health tracking on smartwatches has also seen advances over the years. Both Apple and Fitbit devices can estimate blood oxygen levels and measure ECGs. But the more affordable the smartwatch, the less likely it is that it has these kinds of health tracking features; if collecting that type of data is important to you, you’ll have to pay for the privilege. Your watch can not only track your morning runs but also play music while you’re exercising. Many smartwatches let you save your music locally, so you can connect wireless earbuds and listen to tunes without bringing your phone. Those that don’t have onboard storage for music usually have on-watch music controls, so you can control playback without whipping out your phone. And if your watch has LTE, local saving isn’t required — you’ll be able to stream music directly from the watch to your paired earbuds. Most flagship smartwatches today have some an always-on display - some have it on by default while others let you enable it via tweaked settings. This smart feature allows you to glance down at your watch to check the time and any other information you’ve set it to show on its watchface without lifting your wrist. This will no doubt affect your device’s battery life, but thankfully most always-on modes dim the display’s brightness so it’s not running at its peak unnecessarily. Cheaper devices won’t have this feature; instead, their screens will automatically turn off to conserve battery life and you’ll have to intentionally check your watch to turn on the display again. Many smartwatches have NFC, letting you pay for things without your wallet. After saving your credit or debit card information, you can hold your smartwatch up to an NFC reader to pay for a cup of coffee on your way home from a run. Keep in mind that different watches use different payment systems: Apple Watches use Apple Pay, Wear OS devices use Google Pay, Samsung devices use Samsung Pay and so forth. Apple Pay is one of the most popular NFC payment systems, with support for multiple banks and credit cards in 72 different countries, while Samsung and Google Pay work in fewer regions. It’s also important to note that both NFC payment support varies by device as well for both Samsung and Google’s systems. The Apple Watch has evolved into the most robust smartwatch since its debut in 2015, and it’s the no-brainer pick for iPhone users. The Apple Watch has evolved into one of the best wearables on the market since its debut in 2015. It’s the best smartwatch for iPhone users, and we wouldn’t judge you for switching to an iPhone just to be able to use an Apple Watch. The latest model, Apple Watch Series 8, has solid fitness-tracking features that will satisfy the needs of beginners and serious athletes alike. It also detects if you’ve been in a car crash, can carry out ECG tests and measures blood oxygen levels. Plus, this Apple smartwatch offers NFC, onboard music storage and many useful apps as well as a variety of ways to respond to messages. There aren't a ton of differences between the Series 8 and the Series 7 that came before it. The design is largely unchanged, and while the Apple Watch Series 8 runs on a newer S8 SiP, it didn't feel dramatically faster in our testing. It lasted a little bit longer, and we were impressed by the new low-power mode, which kept the watch going for an additional two hours after already being down to 20 percent battery life. There are two other options now at the opposite ends of the spectrum. The new Apple Watch Ultra is probably overkill for most people, but it has a ton of extra features like extra waterproofing to track diving, an even more accurate GPS and the biggest battery of any Apple Watch to date. Apple designed it for the most outdoorsy among us, but for your average person, it likely has more features than they'd ever need. The $250 Apple Watch SE, on the other hand, is less feature-rich than the Series 8, but it will probably suffice for most people. We actually regard the Watch SE as the best option for first-time smartwatch buyers, or people on stricter budgets. You’ll get all the core Apple Watch features as well as things like fall and crash detection, noise monitoring and emergency SOS, but you’ll have to do without more advanced hardware perks like an always-on display, a blood oxygen sensor, an ECG monitor and a skin temperature sensor. Dropping $400 on a smartwatch isn’t feasible for everyone, which is why we recommend the Fitbit Versa 2 as the best sub-$200 option. Dropping $400 on a smartwatch isn’t feasible for everyone, which is why we recommend the Fitbit Versa 2 as the best sub-$200 option. It’s our favorite budget watch because it offers a bunch of features at a great price. You get all of these essentials: Fitbit’s solid exercise-tracking abilities (including auto-workout detection), sleep tracking, water resistance, connected GPS, blood oxygen tracking and a six-day battery life. It also supports Fitbit Pay using NFC and it has built-in Amazon Alexa for voice commands. While the Versa 2 typically costs $150, we’ve seen it for as low as $100. Improvements like a more durable screen and refined curvature may not sound exciting, but they make Samsung's Galaxy Watch 5 more resilient and reliable. Samsung may not have brought many upgrades to the latest version of its popular Galaxy Watch, but that doesn't mean the Watch 5 isn't still the best smartwatch for Android users. Improvements like a more durable screen and refined curvature don't sound exciting, but they make the Watch 5 more resilient and reliable. Plus, the Galaxy Watch offers the most comprehensive health and fitness tracking on Wear OS, and the company added a sleep coaching feature this year that is meant to help guide you towards better rest. If you don't mind oversized watches, consider the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. It's more expensive at $450, but comes with a larger 45mm titanium case, a more durable screen and a larger battery. Though Samsung markets this Android smartwatch as an outdoor-oriented device, you're better off thinking of it as a big timepiece that lasts longer than the standard model. It has all the same features as the 40mm and 44mm versions, except it supports the GPX route format for workouts so you can get turn-by-turn directions while you hike and bike. All three watches are also water-resistant so they can track swims or survive a sudden storm, and last more than a day (without the Always On Display enabled). They also run Wear OS 3.5, which is so similar to Samsung's previous Tizen OS that longtime wearers won't need to worry about adjusting to a new system. Ultimately, the Galaxy Watch 5 series is a capable, well-rounded set of smartwatches that will serve most Android users well. Yes, there are still companies out there trying to make “fashionable” smartwatches. Back when wearables were novel and generally ugly, brands like Fossil, Michael Kors and Skagen found their niche in stylish smartwatches that took cues from analog timepieces. You also have the option to pick up a “hybrid” smartwatch from companies like Withings and Garmin – these devices look like standard wrist watches but incorporate some limited functionality like activity tracking and heart rate monitoring. They remain good options if you prefer that look, but thankfully, wearables made by Apple, Samsung, Fitbit and others have gotten much more attractive over the past few years. Ultimately, the only thing you can’t change after you buy a smartwatch is its case design. If you’re not into   the Apple Watch’s squared-off corners, all of Samsung’s smartwatches have round cases that look a little more like a traditional watch. Most wearables are offered in a choice of colors and you can pay extra for premium materials like stainless steel. Once you decide on a case, your band options are endless – there are dozens of first- and third-party watch straps available for most major smartwatches, allowing you to change up your look whenever you please. Cherlynn Low contributed to this guide. Subscribe to our two newsletters:. - A weekly roundup of our favorite tech deals. - A daily dose of the news you need. Please enter a valid email address. Please select a newsletter.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. We’ve updated the availability of our picks and added new FAQs. A great pair of jeans can be the foundation of an outfit: Though the jeans themselves may not draw attention, they will elevate whatever else you wear, whether it’s a white T-shirt on the weekend or a cashmere sweater for date night. Get jeans wrong—too baggy, overly distressed—and they’re all anyone will notice (for all the wrong reasons). After conducting interviews with experts and testing with a panel of diverse bodies, we’ve narrowed our list to four terrific pairs that are both comfortable and good-looking. For those interested in raw denim (which is stiff and untreated), I also tested and found three hard-wearing and stylish pairs, one of which costs under $100. To evaluate the quality, fit, and comfort of a wide variety of jeans, I researched hundreds of models online, and I tested 30 in person (I wear a size 31 waist by 30 length). I also assembled a panel of diverse and stylish men to test the jeans, including Neil Berrett, co-founder of Standard & Strange (who wears a size 34 waist by 32 length); Wirecutter privacy and security editor Thorin Klosowski (who wears jeans in a size 29 waist by 30 length, and who put your digital data concerns on the back burner to test 11 pairs of jeans); Chubstr founding editor Bruce Sturgell (who wears a size 44 waist by 30 length); and This Fits blogger Aliotsy Andrianarivo (who wears a size 33 waist by 28 length). Together we selected a well-loved and comfy pair of slim jeans with a classic American vibe, a stretchier pair of denim jeans in the widest variety of sizes, a flattering pair of straight slim jeans affordable enough to stock up on, and (my personal favorite) a heavyweight pair of jeans with a button fly. I also tested selvedge jeans and made a few personal recommendations. We try to keep our links up to date, but retailers may experience stock issues, and jeans companies tend to cycle similar versions of the same items under different names. If your size is unavailable through one of our links, try looking for another pair in the same cut with similar materials, which should be close to what we recommend. The Levi’s 511 jeans are a widely beloved slim straight pair. They offer sturdy construction, stitching, and stretch, alongside a classic American (or, rather, Levi’s) look. *At the time of publishing, the price was $50. How it feels: Well constructed and with a flattering cut, these close-fitting jeans offer the teensiest bit of stretch to make an already-comfortable pair of pants even more comfortable. Why it’s great: Whether because of glossy magazines or billboards on the highway, for many people classic blue jeans look just like Levi’s 511 Premium Slim Fit Men’s Jeans. These dark-wash jeans sit just under the waist, with trim legs that still let your calves and ankles breathe. The Levi’s brand—from the signature yellow threading to the arch stitching splashed across the back pockets—is instantly recognizable. But beyond the 511 jeans’ good looks, everyone who tested them noted that they were comfortable, well constructed, and slim from the thigh down. Aside from the Buck Mason jeans, which cost nearly twice as much, no pair of jeans was as well loved by our panel. For the price, the Levi’s 511s are a terrific pair of slim straight jeans; their construction is solid, and the stitching feels sturdy. As opposed to skinny jeans (which wrap tightly around the knee, calves, and ankles), the 511s leave room for your lower legs to breathe; they’re called straight jeans because the leg opening doesn’t taper for a tighter fit. And thanks to the addition of 1% elastane, there’s some stretch for additional comfort—but not so much that this pair struggled to return to the original shape. Standard & Strange’s Neil Berrett noted that the 511s have a bit of visual texture, too, with white flecks feathered throughout the indigo fabric. The jeans felt of a higher quality than the similarly priced competition, and they barely shrank in washer and dryer tests (about 2.5 inches total across all dimensions). “The length and width of Levi’s 511 jeans is perfect on me,” said Thorin, who wears a size 29 waist by 30 length. “There’s no need for a belt or the ole pull-up motion, and I bet they’d work well with different shoes or boots, too. Honestly, they fit so well that I bet I could even do some plumbing without exposing my butt to the world.” The rest of us agreed; I found that the Levi’s 511s fit me perfectly. They’re slimming, but they molded to my body and around my curves in a flattering way. Levi’s offers a ton of variety in its jean shapes and styles (it can get messy in there). In addition to the 511s, we tested the 512 Slim Taper Fit Jeans, which have a narrower fit through the thigh and a tapered (rather than straight) leg. Many of our testers also loved these, though we think the style isn’t as universal as that of the 511 jeans. Thorin loved the 512s (he later told us that they’re the jeans he has in his closet). Like the 511s, the 512s feel well made and durable. He said the 511s fit his body better than the 512s, but they sometimes get stuck on his calves while he’s sitting, so he has to shake them down his legs when he gets up to walk. Flaws but not dealbreakers: Our panelists had fewer critiques about the Levi’s 511s than about many of the other jeans we tested. Berrett noted that he wished they had better bar tacks (the high-density stitches protecting areas that experience great stress, like the waistband) and better-built outseams on the leg. Beyond the different Levi’s cuts, there are also a lot of variants within a single style; this makes it hard for us to guarantee that the pair of 511s you pick up at your local outlet store will be as good as the ones we tested. Specifically, we tried the “Levi’s Premium” 511 in Chain Rinse Dark Wash, which is 99% cotton and 1% elastane. But at the time of writing, the company lists 13 variants of the 511s, many in multiple colors and materials, with prices ranging from less than $30 to almost $300. We tested the premium version because Levi’s claims they’re more durable, with more stitches per inch than the brand’s non-premium jeans. Levi’s has also been critiqued for inconsistent sizing in its jeans. Though we didn’t find that in our testing, it’s something to keep an eye out for. If it’s possible—and safe—to go to a store and try on multiple pairs, that will always lead to a better fit. Unlike the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans and the Bonobos Stretch Denim Jeans, the Levi’s 511 jeans max out at a 42-inch waist. We hope that one day our favorite jeans retailers will sell jeans in more sizes. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (PDF), approximately 25% of adult males in the USA have a waist size greater than 44 inches; that’s a lot of Americans who are not able to purchase one of the most famously “American” brands. Waist: 26 to 42Length: 28 to 40Colors: frequently changingMaterials: 99% cotton, 1% elastaneReturn policy: within 60 days for a refund or exchange. Bonobos come in more lengths and waist sizes than any pairs we tested, with a “slim” cut that still has a good amount of stretch in the thighs and glutes (for people with a thicker build). *At the time of publishing, the price was $150. How it feels: Soft jeans that are more forgiving than others we tested, the Bonobos have enough room for my thick butt and thighs to breathe. Why it’s great: Bonobos, which makes our favorite white T-shirt with diverse sizing, has impressed us by making good clothes that come in more sizes than are offered by most other manufacturers. The company’s Premium Stretch Denim Jeans are available in waist sizes 28 to 54 and in lengths from 28 to 36—notably more sizes than for any other brand of jeans we found. Bonobos also gets bonus points for providing clearly explained product options. Rather than Levi’s 30 listings for one cut of jeans, Bonobos combines all cuts, sizes, and materials into one product page, so you can easily pick what you think will work best for you. Chubstr founding editor Bruce Sturgell (who wears a size 44 waist by 30 length) especially loved the Bonobos jeans. “It seems like Bonobos put a lot of thought into the construction of their plus-size jeans,” he noted after testing. Sturgell said the jeans felt “soft, and they offered a slim fit on the legs and thighs without being too tight” (which is something that can be a problem for bigger guys with thick thighs). The lower rise of the Bonobos Stretch Denim Jeans worked well for Sturgell’s body, and the jeans stayed in place better than the other pairs he tested. They shrank about 5 inches total in our washing and drying tests: 0.75 inch around the waist, 0.5 inch around the hip, 0.5 inch in the thigh, 1 inch lengthwise, 0.5 inch across the knee, and 1.5 inches in the inseam. The jeans lost more than an inch alone in the inseam specifically, which is something to consider as you think about how they’ll fit your body. Neil Berrett, co-founder of Standard & Strange (who wears a size 34 waist by 32 length), said the Bonobos were “a good fit for people who do a lot of squats.” He noted that the Bonobos were quite comfortable, and he said the stretch recovery (how quickly they bounced back to their original size after being worn) was swift and resilient. I had a similar experience to Sturgell and Berrett. Though I wear a size 31 waist (compared with Berrett’s size 34 and Sturgell’s size 44), I found that the Bonobos fit my body particularly well. There was a lot of roominess and stretch in the butt area that forgave my curves. Though the other jeans we tested were made from 98% or 99% cotton, the Bonobos Premium Stretch Denim Jeans are made from 94% cotton, 5% polyester, and 1% elastane. That lower percentage of cotton is why the Bonobos jeans are especially comfortable and well equipped to handle a wider range of body types; cotton has less give than both polyester and elastane. Flaws but not dealbreakers:. Thorin and This Fits blogger Aliotsy Andrianarivo (who wears a 33 waist by 28 length) both complained about the Bonobos in the slim fit for the same reasons the rest of us enjoyed wearing them: They said the jeans were too roomy and too loose all around, especially in the waist and thighs. “The pants billow out on the sides up top, harem pants–style,” Thorin said. Berrett noted that the internal front pocket material felt thin. And he said the jeans’ construction didn’t feel as premium as that of other pairs he tested, so he wasn’t sure about this pair’s longevity. We’re keeping our Bonobos for long-term testing, so we’ll continue to update you on how they fare over a longer period. Waist: 28 to 54Length: 28 to 36Colors: rotating seasonal selectionMaterials: 94% cotton, 5% polyester, and 1% elastaneReturn policy: within 45 days for a refund; up to 90 days for a store credit or exchange. The Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans are comfortable and come in a wide range of sizes. But they have a thinner fabric. And though they’re stretchy, their shape didn’t bounce back as well as that of pricier jeans. How it feels: These slim jeans are constructed from a thinner fabric than the other jeans we loved, with clean and consistent lines. Why it’s great: “The Uniqlo jeans are a lot higher quality than other inexpensive jeans options I’ve seen,” Chubstr’s Bruce Sturgell said. The Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans were a great pair considering the $50 price tag. Not only are they comfortable, but they looked good on all of our testers. And they come in a wide variety of waist sizes, from a 27 to a 44. That said, they’re still a pair of $50 jeans, and there are a few tradeoffs: Because the denim is so thin, they don’t have as much structure as the other jeans we liked. And though they were stretchy, we found they stretched too much and didn’t bounce back to their original shape quickly. Our panel testers generally liked the Uniqlos, but they were split between those who thought they were acceptable and those who thought they were great. Some loved the feel of the jeans and said they offered the right amount of stretch (thanks to a composition of 98% cotton with 2% spandex), while still being snug enough to give you a modern look. In my time with the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans, I found that for the price, they were well constructed and looked good. The sewing quality on the Uniqlo jeans was clean and consistent, which was a pleasant surprise considering the price. Those who didn’t love the Uniqlo jeans mentioned the thin fabric, as well as shallow front pockets and a small zipper (though these issues didn’t disqualify the jeans in the testers’ assessment). The Uniqlo jeans shrank slightly when we washed and dried them, about 2 inches all around. If you need a wider fit, the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans go up in waist size more than most of the others we tested. Sturgell, who wore the jeans in a waist size 44 for testing, told us he appreciated the thought that went into creating a fit for bigger guys. “I think big guys in slim jeans can be tricky, but these jeans got it right,” he said. “I was very pleasantly surprised by them—I could definitely see myself picking up a few pairs of them at the price point they offer.”. Although the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans come in 32 to 34 lengths only, Uniqlo offers alterations directly on its website. Flaws but not dealbreakers:. “I was surprised that the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans did not include a small green compostable bag,” Neil Berrett told us with what seemed to be a virtual smirk, “because the pocket bag material is dogshit.” Berrett and Thorin both noted that the pockets were especially shallow. “One of the main advantages of wearing men’s pants are the big goddamn pockets,” Thorin fumed. The zipper was especially small, too. We were concerned that it might break over time, and we’ll keep an eye on it as we long-term test the jeans. Uniqlo’s product listings are confusing, with multiple entries for the same jeans in various sizes and shades; at the time of writing, there are at least three just for the basic slim-fit jeans. If stock seems limited, there may be more available elsewhere on the website. Don’t worry—they’re all the same jeans. Waist: 27 to 44Length: 32 to 34 (with alterations available directly from Uniqlo’s website)Colors: light wash, dark washMaterials: 98% cotton, 2% spandexReturn policy: within 30 days of purchase unless the pants were altered. The Ford Standard’s heavier denim and button fly separate these jeans from others. They are also more solidly constructed, and our testers noted their comfort and good looks. *At the time of publishing, the price was $145. How it feels: These jeans are durable, long-lasting, and heavy-duty—but without being rough or uncomfortable. Sure, they probably won’t last forever, but they feel like they might. Why it’s great: Sometimes a pair of classic Levi’s isn’t enough. When you need a heavier pair of denim to keep you company, try Buck Mason’s Ford Standard Jeans. Buck Mason makes this exceptional pair of jeans with a heavyweight denim that felt durable, without being coarse or rough. The Ford jeans were the most highly praised pair we reviewed during panel testing. Everyone loved wearing them. The Ford jeans were solidly constructed with tight and neat stitching. All of our testers agreed the jeans were extremely comfortable. And these jeans feature an easy elastic recovery that we expect will help them keep their shape and last for a long time. They shrank about 4 inches total in all dimensions after washing and drying. The Ford jeans are made of 14-ounce denim (a measure of how much a square yard of the fabric weighs), which is the sort of thick and heavyweight fabric usually used on hard-wearing raw denim jeans. But in this case, the inclusion of a small amount of spandex makes the Buck Masons much more comfortable the first time you put them on, compared with raw denim. There are lots of little details about the Buck Masons that make them special: They have high-quality stitching and rivets, and they have a button fly, which Neil Berrett noted is often reserved for premium denim. Also, a button fly is much less likely to break and easier to replace than a zipper. The belt loops are tucked and sewn into the waistband, something two of our testers pointed out. Buck Mason has a ton of great customer service reviews, whether from its website or Reddit. What’s most impressive is that you can return a pair of jeans to Buck Mason for up to one year—four times as long as the 90-day return window at Bonobos. Flaws but not dealbreakers:. It’s annoying that the Buck Mason Ford Jeans have a 33-inch inseam and no way to request alterations online (you can’t mail them in for hemming, either). Instead, if you want the length of your jeans altered, you’ll have to go to one of Buck Mason’s stores or head to your favorite tailor or alterations specialist. One of our testers didn’t like the button fly on Buck Mason’s pants. “There is a zero percent chance that I would ever remember to button these up,” they admitted (I am choosing to hide their identity so as not to cause them great embarrassment). The rest of us appreciated the old-school button fly for being easier to replace and less likely to break, as well as for its glamorous, Old World flair. And we would all remember to button our fly. Buck Mason jeans go to only size 40, so it’s the most limited sizing of any pair we recommend. It’s disheartening to see such a premium item restricted to so few sizes. We hope that one day our favorite jeans retailers will sell jeans in wider sizes. Waist: 28 to 40Length: 33Colors: black, dark wash, medium washMaterials: 98% cotton, 2% spandexReturn policy: within one year. I spoke with Kiya Babzani, the co-founder of Self Edge, and Steve Cruz, the store manager at Naked & Famous Denim, to learn the differences between the denim we see in most stores versus raw selvedge denim. Here’s the lowdown, per Babzani: Selvedge denim was originally called “self edging fabric” because the process created its own finished edge that didn’t require more work to prevent fraying. Around the turn of the 15th century, workers shortened the term “self edging fabric” to “selvedge” as an abbreviation. The terms “raw” and “selvedge” are often used interchangeably for denim, but a pair of jeans can be neither, either, or both. Selvedge refers to the finished edge of the fabric, and raw denim is the material that is unwashed and untreated, making it stiffer and more prone to bleeding indigo onto anything it touches. But it also conforms to your body over time for a unique fit and look. Uniqlo, for example, makes jeans that are selvedge stitched without being raw denim, and Levi’s 501 Shrink to Fit jeans are raw without being selvedge stitched. Raw and selvedge denim is expensive because it’s made in a vintage fashion on vintage machines, whereas non-selvedge denim is cheaper because it’s mass-manufactured. Raw and selvedge denim takes a while to create, and it has natural imperfections—imperfections that major brands, such as the Gap, don’t want on their shelves. “If Gap orders 500 pairs of jeans, they want every jean to look identical,” Babzani told me. “Non-selvedge denim, which came into popularity over the past 50 years, is more [consistent] than selvedge denim, and it’s faster and cheaper to produce at scale.”. “Let’s say we’re both a size 32 in the waist and we start wearing the same style of selvedge jeans today. Because I’m a little bit taller than you are, the [raw] denim will hit the back of my knees and certain areas of my thighs differently than they will on you when we’re both walking around,” he said. In a year, our pairs of jeans would look drastically different from each other simply because our bodies and our lifestyles are different. “And that’s the beauty of [raw] denim,” he said. If you buy a pre-distressed pair of jeans, by contrast, they may have lines all over them. But they probably won’t match the natural lines that are produced by your body’s movements. They also won’t be as comfortable (eventually). Some people say you shouldn’t wash selvedge denim. Cruz thinks it’s more complicated than that. “Caring for your selvedge denim comes down to an aesthetic choice: The more you wear your jeans without washing them, the more fading and lines will become apparent.” But if you prefer jeans that are more even- and neutral-looking—and you’re concerned about freshness and filth—washing and drying your selvedge jeans is actually a good idea. In either case, a pair of selvedge denim jeans should last north of a decade—beautifully distressed, without any tears. To test raw selvedge denim, I brought in six pairs to wear over the course of two months. Because it takes a while for raw denim to form to your body, I wore them religiously—and tested them alone—swapping them on and off on a regular basis and jotting down notes about the style, feel, and look. These recommendations are my personal favorites. But all of the raw denim jeans I looked at were exciting for various reasons. The Unbranded Brand UB101 Skinny Fit jeans are a great, affordable selvedge pair. These jeans have a minimalist look and a substantial feel, and they slowly molded to my body. *At the time of publishing, the price was $90. How it feels: Though notably heavy, the Unbranded Brand UB101 Skinny Fit 14.5 oz Indigo Selvedge Denim jeans felt especially comfortable and durable after I broke them in for a month. A short fly made them trickier to button and unbutton quickly. Why it’s great: Of every pair of selvedge jeans we looked at, the Unbranded Brand UB101s were the most affordable, while still being of high quality. I appreciated their minimal, “unbranded” look: They have a blank brown tag on the back, as well as cohesively colored copper tin buttons. Wirecutter’s Tim Barribeau said he got his first pair of selvedge denim jeans from the Unbranded Brand, too. These are good jeans at a reasonable price—to help you advance to the first level of raw denim. The Unbranded Brand jeans I tested were 14.5 ounces (common for midweight denim, but heavier than anything else we tested), and I found them and their rope-dried indigo exterior quite substantial and stiff at first. Breaking them in felt unnatural, like I was working against nature. Slowly but surely, though, the jeans began to give. After a few weeks, I started to look forward to putting them on. If the UB101 Skinny Fit is too, well, skinny for you, this company also offers tapered, straight, tight, and relaxed tapered fits. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The Unbranded Brand UB101 jeans have a short fly, which can be uncomfortable when you’re slipping the pants on and off, or if you need to quickly unbutton your jeans to use the restroom. Although the front pockets were easy to access, the back pockets were slim and narrow (an issue we also ran into with the Left Field NYC jeans). Folks have also complained that the buttons and belt loops on the Unbranded Brand jeans may pop and fray within the first couple of years. And we noticed a couple of loose stitches, but nothing worrisome. Waist: 27 to 44Length: 34Colors: indigo, blackMaterials: 100% cotton selvedge denimFabric weight: 14.5 ouncesReturn policy: within 30 days for store credit. The Naked & Famous Super Guy selvedge jeans were especially comfortable to wear and well made, and they’re an attractive light-washed color. Naked & Famous Denim also has solid customer service, which is a lovely touch. *At the time of publishing, the price was $165. How it feels: The Naked & Famous Super Guy Natural Indigo Selvedge jeans are slim around the hips and thighs. The first time you try them on they’ll feel tight. But the break-in period was shorter and easier than with the Unbranded Brand jeans, so they’re quite comfy to wear for longer. Why it’s great: If you’re comfortable skipping over our entry-level pick and investing in selvedge denim that will form to your legs a little more quickly and comfortably (and probably last longer than the Unbranded Brand jeans), I loved the Naked & Famous Super Guy jeans. The fabric is 12.5 ounces (slightly light for raw denim, but not insubstantial), in an indigo rope-dyed Japanese selvedge denim. And the Super Guy fit is slim, tapered from the knee down. These jeans are a few ounces lighter than the Unbranded Brand jeans I tested. So I found that the Naked & Famous selvedge jeans took to my legs a little faster—readily forming to my thighs and calves—and were quickly comfortable. I really enjoyed wearing them over a few weeks, and I look forward to seeing them mold to my body even more. In my experience, the Naked & Famous customer service was especially fantastic; other people often rave about it, too. Both Naked & Famous and Tate and Yoko receive positive feedback online about their customer service. And when a customer logs a complaint—on Reddit or otherwise—an employee from one or the other hops in to handle the situation. If the skinny Super Guy isn’t for you, Naked & Famous offers a ton of different fits (as well as dozens of fabric options): Weird Guy (standard tapered), Easy Guy (laid back), Strong Guy (high-rise relaxed), Groovy Guy (boot cut), Stacked Guy (modern skinny), and Skinny Guy (slim straight). Flaws but not dealbreakers: The large leather tag on the back of the pants—featuring a reclining topless woman—is awful. Although the brand name is intended to rail against influencer culture, we find it tired and sexist. If you buy these jeans, we suggest using a seam ripper to take the tag right off (something Tim has done with his pairs). Waist: 27 to 44
Length: 34Colors: various colors and patternsMaterials: 100% cotton selvedge denimFabric weight: 12.5 ouncesReturn policy: within 30 days for store credit. The Left Field NYC Chelsea Cone Mills jeans were light and easy to wear. They have a cut bordering on skinny, though they come in limited sizes. How it feels: If you’re slender, these slim-fitting jeans will suit you best. Their material feels great on the legs, with roomy front pockets that are easy to use. Why it’s great: The Left Field NYC Chelsea Cone Mills 13 oz Denim Jeans were the most expensive selvedge jeans we tested, and for good reason: The stitching was near-perfect, with no loose threads or buttons, and all the hardware felt like it would last for a long time. They were light-feeling on my legs, despite their tough materials, and they’re a great, super-slim pair of jeans. Although I didn’t find the fit to be perfect for my particular body type (my thighs and butt are perhaps bigger than the ideal customer for this pair of jeans), the Chelsea Cone jeans are great for anyone who’s particularly skinny (so much so that they were almost, but not quite, skinny jeans). These jeans also had fantastic front pockets—the best of any selvedge jeans that I tested—and they’re wide enough to stick your hand inside and easily pull your wallet out. The buttons are brass-colored, and the primary button has some green (presumably to make it look a little used, which I found to be a cool touch). The jeans also come with a cute Left Field–branded bandana, which you can rock around your neck. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The Left Field NYC jeans’ back pockets were slim and long, and they sat high on the butt, making it awkward to stick your hands into them. The Left Field jeans are significantly limited in waist size, too, going up to only a size 38; meanwhile, the Unbranded Brand jeans and the Naked & Famous jeans go up to size 44. Waist: 29 to 38Length: 36Materials: 100% cotton selvedge denimFabric weight: 13 ouncesReturn policy: one week. When it comes to finding a great pair of jeans for people who wear sizes larger than 40, there’s a dearth of options. And those that were available were often cheap. We brought in three plus-size pairs of jeans for testing with Bruce Sturgell, the founding editor of Chubstr—and we found two pairs of great jeans available in a wide variety of sizes. But it’s important to acknowledge that we found the number of decent plus-size jeans options to be overshadowed by the significant amount of smaller-waist jeans. Availability is an issue, but fit is also more difficult when it comes to jeans. It’s not like wearing a T-shirt, Sturgell explained. “Denim [...] is even more complicated.” With jeans, you not only have to consider the waist size but also how a pair fits around your thighs and calves, how much range of motion they allow, and how high the rise is (so that they sit at the right point on your body). “The cruel reality of it is you’re not going to find a one-stop shop if you’re a bigger guy who’s interested in style,” said Sturgell, who wears a size 44 waist. “As a bigger guy, I’m short and wide. I have a pretty traditional body type as far as my shape goes.” Even with his more-traditional body type, Sturgell has to look high and low when it comes time to buy a new pair of jeans. (And some jeans, like those made from selvedge or raw denim, can be near-impossible for bigger guys to find in their size, unless they’re custom-made.). There are some Big and Tall retailers that understand style is as important to a plus-size audience as it is to anyone else—Sturgell mentioned Fat Trunk Jeans and a UK brand called Kam Jeanswear for their extended sizes, specifically. But it can be difficult to find anything from a mainstream retailer that actually works. Outside of Uniqlo and Bonobos options, which we cover in this guide, Sturgell recommends Levi’s 541 in the athletic fit. “They’re a great fit for bigger guys who have thicker thighs,” he told me. “They have the most stretch in them of any of the jeans I’ve tested that have stretch.” And, unlike the Levi’s 511s and 512s we tested, the Levi’s 541s come in sizes all the way up to a 62 waist. As a style writer, I compare, test, and write about everything you can carry or wear on your person, from T-shirts to jeans. In preparation for this guide, I read reviews of men’s jeans from a host of trusted sources to ascertain what makes a great pair. To learn more I also interviewed a handful of jeans experts, including Steve Cruz, store manager at New York City’s Naked & Famous Denim; Kiya Babzani, co-founder of Self Edge, who absolutely schooled me on selvedge denim; and celebrity menswear stylist Ashley Weston. We started this guide by researching hundreds of pairs of jeans, culling the list to around 50 pairs of interest from popular retailers, other reviews, and roundups. For this piece, we focused on slim jeans marketed “for men,” though they can be worn by people of any gender. These jeans are shaped differently than jeans that are marketed as being “for women.” The jeans in this guide have straight cuts extending across the leg, a narrower waist, and a wider hip. By contrast, jeans made “for women” generally have a narrower hip and more size variety in the waist (as well as smaller pockets). We think slim jeans should fit comfortably—neither too loosely nor too tightly (compared with skinny jeans). They should fit straight through the hip, with a narrow opening around the leg. We used the following criteria to narrow down our list even further:. Construction: We spent time wearing each pair of jeans for a few weeks, as well as poking and prodding them to pinpoint issues like uneven stitching or flyaway threads. Shrinkage: We measured the dimensions of each pair of jeans, and then we washed and dried them, noting any shrinking that occurred. None of the pairs we recommended shrank notably, but it was an issue with some that we dismissed. Comfort: We considered how the fabric felt—whether it was coarse and rigid, or soft and smooth—and how it might feel to wear all day. Pockets: A jean’s front pockets should be big enough that you can fit your whole hand inside, and you should be able to stick your wallet inside your back pocket. We measured watch/coin/condom pockets, too (you know, that weird little one inside the front right pocket). Look: I was determined to make some aesthetic decisions about each pair of jeans I tested. Was a pair of jeans awkwardly loose around the crotch? Did another pair of jeans have a retro-wavy design on its back pockets that had me spiraling about the summer of 2011? Fabric: We noted the combination of fabric used, though most of the jeans we tested were 98% or more cotton, with the remainder being elastane. Price: We considered jeans priced between $30 and $200. After an initial round of scanning, we found that anything more than $200 wasn’t of substantially higher quality or more noteworthy (apart from raw denim). I used the above criteria to cut the list down to 30 pairs of jeans to test in person. I wore each pair of jeans in a size 31 waist by 30 length. While wearing them, I inspected their construction and comfort. Then I washed and dried each pair of jeans to see how much they shrank in the wash. I found 11 pairs of jeans worthy of further testing, and I sent them to a panel of experts to perform a blind test. The testers included: Wirecutter editor Thorin Klosowski (who wears jeans in a size 29 waist by 30 length); Neil Berrett, co-founder of Standard & Strange (who wears a size 34 waist by 32 length); Chubstr founding editor Bruce Sturgell (who wears a size 44 waist by 30 length); and This Fits blogger Aliotsy Andrianarivo (who wears a size 33 waist by 28 length). Thorin and I loved the J.Crew 484 Slim-Fit Jean in one-year wash denim. The J.Crew 484s were the jeans that I had the most familiarity with going into this project, and it would be impossible for me not to give them a shout-out: They’re comfortable to wear, their quality felt hefty and durable, and we think they look great. We didn’t end up recommending them because our testers pointed out some inconsistent construction, though. “Some of the J.Crew’s bar tack stitches look like they were put on Friday just before closing time,” quipped Berrett. Aliotsy Andrianarivo of This Fits and Berrett both complained that the J.Crew jeans were too slim all around, too. Our testers all appreciated the fit and stretch of the Lucky Brand 121 Slim Straight Advanced Stretch Jean (no longer available). Berrett said “there were times that I could convince myself for a brief moment that I was not wearing pants at all,” and Andrianarivo marveled that they felt like pajama pants. If that’s your vibe, then we have the comfiest pants for you. The sewing was not particularly clean on the Lucky Brand jeans, though. And Thorin and Berrett both noted the garish distressing, which makes these jeans more casual than something you’d want to wear, say, to the office. We loved the $200 Hudson Blake Slim Straight Jeans in testing. But they were simply too expensive to recommend when the Buck Mason jeans, with their year-long return policy, were sitting right there. And the Hudson jeans felt overly lightweight, given their price. Berrett and Andrianarivo both noted that the sewing quality and the construction were above average, with a strong but light fabric that we think will wear gracefully over time. They come in only one length, an annoying feature when you’re paying this much. Of the selvedge jeans I dismissed after testing, I really liked the Japan Blue J104 Circle Selvedge Skinny Jeans. They were well made and light, and were comfortable to wear for long periods. But I didn’t like their skinny ankles (which were a much tighter fit around the bottoms of my legs) or the threads popping out of the buttons. The Buck Mason Maverick Slim Jeans were a totally fine pair of selvedge jeans: They were well constructed, pretty comfortable to wear over time, and the branding was subdued. I found the pockets were unusable in testing—too tight for me to stick my hand inside. And, all things considered, I’d recommend the similarly priced Naked & Famous Denim jeans or the Japan Blue jeans over this offering from Buck Mason. Though I appreciated the Levi's 501 Shrink-To-Fit jeans for their cheap price (just $60 at the time of original publication, and now they’re $50), you can get a better introductory pair of selvedge denim jeans in the Unbranded Brand UB101 we recommend. I didn’t love the coloring of the Levi’s stitching or its buttons, nor the few loose threads I found, either. I secretly loved the RRL Slim Narrow jeans for their label—the letters R, R, and L running into one another like a stream—and their extremely wide pockets. But they’re small for their size, and then shrank nearly 6 more inches in the dryer. If you’re considering the RRL Slim Narrow jeans for their textured feel, their brass-colored buttons, or good-looking label (it was a standout in testing), size up. We have to give Target’s Goodfellow and Co. Men’s Slim-Fit Jeans props for being available in a wide variety of sizes—up to a size 42 waist. Still, this pair didn’t impress. Everyone noted that the jeans looked cheap and the fit felt off. Neil Berrett put it best when he said that Target’s jeans “simultaneously felt too big and too small, likely due to a lack of stretch recovery.”. While testing the inexpensive Amazon Goodthreads Men’s Standard Comfort Stretch Straight Slim-Fit Jean, Thorin didn’t like the whiskers on the front of the pants. And he said the pockets on the back hung “so low I had to double-check I didn’t time travel to 1996.” Thorin and This Fits blogger Aliotsy Andrianarivo said these jeans were fairly comfortable, at least. But we recommend the Uniqlo Slim-Fit Jeans if you need a quick and affordable pair of jeans. The H&M Slim Jeans were a tighter and less-comfortable fit than the other jeans we tested even before we washed them, especially around the crotch. Then they shrank 4 inches in our tests. H&M suggests that you hand-wash them, which seems a silly task for a pair of $20 jeans. We found loose threads around the waist and ankles of the scratchy-feeling American Eagle AirFlex+ Slim Jeans. The stitching down the legs was a bright orange, too, which made these look cheaper than other jeans we tested. The American Eagle jeans also shrank a whopping 6 inches in our tests, losing more than an inch individually from the hip, length, knee, and inseam. Banana Republic’s Slim Legacy Fit Jeans struggled with a combination of issues: They were loose around the crotch, the design on the buttons was ugly, and the pockets were shorter than those of others we tested. Also, these jeans had lots of flyaway threads popping out from the pockets and around the ankles. The Everlane Athletic Fit Jean and Slim 4-Way Stretch Organic Jean had slimmer, smaller pockets, which were less useful. We thought the design on the buttons was pretty ugly, too—and the buttons themselves were shiny and distracting. Plus, Everlane items frequently come in and out of stock. The Gap Soft Wear Slim Jeans with GapFlex (no longer available) were largely fine, but we found more compelling cheap jeans that didn’t shrink as much, like those from Uniqlo. Gap’s jeans were really loose around the calves and ankles during our tests, and they shrank almost 5 inches combined across all dimensions. Though their quarter pockets were nice and deep, the DSTLD Mens Slim Jeans felt coarse to wear. And they shrank notably—around 6 inches—when we washed and dried them. The DL1961 Nick Slim jeans were dismissed for aesthetic reasons, despite being comfortable (though they felt stiff to the touch). The jeans were slim through the leg, but they flared out toward the ankle in an unflattering way. The Madewell Slim Authentic Flex Jeans were simply not as flattering to wear or as comfortable as the Buck Mason or J.Crew jeans we tested for around the same price. The Madewell jeans had a starchy feeling to their material that felt like cardboard after we washed them. They seemed skinny, rather than slim, too, and they didn’t complement my figure. They weren’t noticeably bad, we just weren’t floored by them (or their brassy-colored buttons). We tested the 7 For All Mankind Slimmy jeans with our panel. Andrianarivo loved them—they were one of his highest-rated pairs of jeans in testing because they were extremely comfortable with the best fit he tried. But Neil Berrett (and I) found the fabric’s feel to be middle-of-the-road. Berrett noted that the jeans’ legs wrapped around his thighs too tightly for his comfort, too. The Joe’s Asher jeans we tested didn’t really fit with my idea of what we were looking for. Unlike the other 99% cotton jeans we brought in, Joe’s jeans were 93% cotton, with a larger percentage of polyester fabric. They had a thin, linen-feeling to them. They were less comfortable to wear than the other jeans we tested, though they had nice, comfy front pockets. There was an easiness to the structure of AG Jeans’s The Tellis that was surprising; in my initial testing notes, I wrote that they felt more like a pair of leggings than a pair of jeans. That’s probably because they were composed of 72% cotton, 26% lyocell, and 2% polyurethane. They felt smooth and light, but altogether like a different beast than the other blue jeans we tested. To preserve the life of your jeans, wash them less often. According to Hazel Morley, VP of design at Bonobos, you should hold off on cleaning them until they get visibly dirty or begin to smell. She said that she washes hers as little as possible. You can go as long as 2 months, like writer Justin Krajeski explains in our guide to cleaning jeans. With raw denim, it depends on how you want your jeans to look. Steve Cruz, the store manager at Naked & Famous Denim, said to get an even color fade and a more neutral look, wash them more. If you prefer more unique fading and wear lines throughout, wash your jeans as infrequently as possible. Some people want the worn-in feel and faded look of vintage or pre-owned denim. Many modern brands try to replicate this look, but the unique fade crafted over time in a vintage pair is special. Shopping vintage (clothing at least 20 years old, according to Vogue) is also a more sustainable option, and the hunt for the perfect pair is often fun for style lovers. You can find vintage denim at your local thrift store, online through secondhand marketplaces, or upcycled and reworked from select brands (such as Re/Done). Kiya Babzani, owner of Self Edge, phone interview, October 13, 2020. Ashley Weston, celebrity menswear stylist, phone interview, October 13, 2020. Steve Cruz, store manager, Naked & Famous Denim NYC, in-person interview, December 9, 2020. Bruce Sturgell, founding editor of Chubstr.com, phone interview, March 3, 2021. Justin Krajeski is a former staff writer reporting on everyday carry at Wirecutter. He previously wrote about tech at Wirecutter. He carries things every day. He’s very well versed in carrying. We asked the experts to tell us the difference between a $50 cashmere sweater and a $500 one. Then we found our six favorites at a variety of prices. These shoes, shirts, and accessories were the most-purchased Wirecutter clothing picks in 2022. We tested the best white sneakers for women and men and found five classic, versatile pairs we think you’ll love, and they all come in unisex sizes. When you have the right tools and supplies to clean your white shoes, they’ll look like new in no time. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

© 2023 41 Pushups, LLC. A fit for various occasions, men’s jeans are a staple clothing item. Whether it’s a pricey business casual pair or your favorite ripped-up pair that hasn’t seen the washing machine in, well, forever (we won’t tell anyone), jeans are a necessity. But with so many companies pumping out denim, how are you to know which are best? We wanted to find out, so we searched the web to find the consensus best men’s jeans, according to experts, and we’ve listed them here for you. When it comes to their wardrobe, men seem to be a bit lacking, according to new research. A poll of 1,000 men who work in an office found 52 percent repeat outfits each week and only have an average of five different looks in their rotation. In fact, 21 percent wear the same shirt three times a week. One in 10 choose the same clothing to wear four days a week. With that in mind, respondents admit they only wear an average of 41 percent of their entire wardrobe. Overall, the researchers found four in 10 men don’t feel good in their current clothes. Another 29 percent believe a style overhaul would make them feel more confident, as 40 percent feel more self-assured when they are wearing their favorite item of clothing. Finding the right fit is important with jeans. If they don’t flatter your body, they could sit on a shelf in your closet for years, which is a waste of money. In fact, a study from the United Kingdom surveying over 2,000 British adults found that people had an average of $268.44 worth of outfits that had never been worn. Also, despite a closet full of clothes, people complain that they have nothing to wear six times a month. That’s why doing your research before purchasing can save you space in your closet and money in your bank account. We’ve made it a little easier to find the right fit and go-to for your everyday wear. Below are the top five best men’s jeans, per experts. Of course, we want to know which men’s jeans are your favorite, so comment below to let us know! Clothing brands come and go, but this is one brand with some serious power. According to Wikipedia, “it was founded in May 1853 when German-Jewish immigrant Levi Strauss moved from Buttenheim, Bavaria, to San Francisco, California, to open a West Coast branch of his brothers’ New York dry goods business.”. Vice lists the 501’s as their best everyday jeans for men. They write: “We would be remiss not to include the OG of OGs—Levi’s Original Fit 501s. They’re a classic for a reason—the Levi Strauss himself designed them in 1873, and they’ve been the jumping off point for every pair of denim you’ve ever put on your legs. While you can’t go wrong with a dark stone wash, something about 501s lends perfectly to a super light wash (with or without rips) that can be hard to rock in other styles.”. The Strategist raves about the 501’s: “I’ve found that the 501s have a brilliant cut that can work with almost any style or body shape. The style is available in a wide size range and has a 12.25-inch rise, which sits at the waist. It has a straight leg with an opening measured at 8.5 inches when laid flat.” Also on their best of list is the 511: “The Levi’s 511 is to slim-fit jeans what the 501 is to straight-leg jeans: a standard-bearer.”. Listed as best overall on their site, Gear Lab shares that “the Levi’s 511 Slim Fit is our first choice, whether for work, chores, or sharing a drink with friends. Their slim cut is both professional and modern, and they’re also surprisingly durable. Amongst the jeans with stretch fabric, this one stands out for its incredible comfort and remarkable range of motion. When subjected to our abrasion test with sandpaper, neither the knee nor hem developed significant wear. All the components are high quality, including the stitching, belt loops, and zipper. We wore this pair everywhere; from work to hangouts, they performed well across the board.”. Finding jeans to fit larger legs can be challenging. And if you’re someone with above-average size thighs or glutes, these may be the jeans for you. Wirecutter notes that these are “soft jeans that are more forgiving than others we tested, the Bonobos have enough room for my thick butt and thighs to breathe.” They go on to explain why exactly these jeans are so roomy and forgiving: “Though the other jeans we tested were made from 98% or 99% cotton, the Bonobos Premium Stretch Denim Jeans are made from 94% cotton, 5% polyester, and 1% elastane. That lower percentage of cotton is why the Bonobos jeans are especially comfortable and well equipped to handle a wider range of body types; cotton has less give than both polyester and elastane.”. If you’re an athletic guy that’s on the go, Men’s Health touts Bonobos as a go to: “Just as you’d expect from Bonobos, the brand offers one of the most comfortable jeans on the market, available in every wash you could imagine, with fits that range from tailored to straight, and they even come in the full range of sizes for every man to find his perfect match. As such, the Premium Stretch Jeans often happens to be a favorite by athletes and active guys who refuse to be tamed by heavy denim fabric.”. Ranking them as their best men’s jeans for stretch, Forbes notes that the Bonobos Extra Stretch Travel Jeans have “a zip fly and five-pocket styling, and it comes in four different fits, so you’re likely to find one that works for you.” And if there’s one thing you want while traveling it is comfy pants. These jeans give you a sweatpants feel without the just-rolled-out-of-bed sweatpants look. And finally, a word from Werd on the comfort of these popular jeans: “Remember those chinos you know and love? Bonobos put that same knowledge in terms of fit and fabric to the test with its premium-yet-accessible line of jeans, and its All Season Jeans are lightweight enough for summer and versatile enough for winter.”. Though this brand is pricier than Levi’s, they still have plenty of offerings for under $100. Of course, if you’re not afraid to spend on jeans, they also have options well above that price point. GQ is not shy about their love of this brand: “Jeans this uniformly dark are normally stiffer than moonshine and about as comfortable as a root canal. Thanks to a clever infusion of stretchy elastane, Everlane’s signature Japanese denim gives you that pristine indigo look—which cement these as the most office-appropriate pair of the bunch—without any of the sandpapery breaking-in period. By that same measure, they’re also surprisingly sag-resistant: you can wear them every day of the week, and they’ll never lose their flatteringly lean shape. Pair ‘em with a tweed blazer, knit tie, and equally-crisp white sneakers for a fit that’ll take you from a meeting with your boss straight into a post-work breakdown of said meeting with your nosy colleagues.”. Men’s Health says you can even workout in these jeans. No, seriously: “Ever thought of going for a light jog in jeans? That seems implausible, but not impossible with Everlane’s performance jeans which are a favorite among stylists and celebrities like Glen Powell.”. Werd thinks Everlane weaves all good things together: “The proper blend of affordability and quality is deeply ingrained in Everlane’s mission, and they boast everything from four-way stretch classic-fit jeans to athletic-fit and skinny options in shades ranging from jet Black to pleasingly faded indigo.”. Coming into existence just 11 years after Levi’s, this name brand may be just as well-known as number one on our list, though Wrangler focused on a different demographic, at least to start. According to their website, in 1947: “Wrangler authentic western jeans, designed by celebrity tailor Rodeo Ben, are introduced to the American consumer. Professional rodeo cowboys Jim Shoulders, Bill Linderman and Freckles Brown wear-test the 13MWZ and endorse the Wrangler name for durability, quality and authenticity.”. Whether you’re gearing up for a rodeo or just bargain shopping, these may be the jeans to pick up according to New York Post: “For less than $15, you can’t go wrong with Wrangler’s Rustler Regular-Fit Jeans — a best-seller at Walmart. Whether you’re looking to save some extra dollars or are on the hunt for that perfect knock-around pair, you’ll be impressed with their 100% cotton, relaxed fit.”. “If authentic Western jeans is what you’re after, the buck stops at Wrangler. For more than a century, the brand has been offering denim to ranchers, workmen, rodeo stars—basically, cowboys and wannabes. The brand has certainly branched into categories beyond denim, but it’s the rugged, boot-ready Cowboy Cut jean that continues to reign supreme,” writes Esquire. Though Rolling Stone says, “you no longer need to be a cowboy to enjoy the western character and durability of Wrangler jeans. As workwear and western-inspired fashion has gotten bigger, so has Wrangler. [The] bold Cowboy Cut jeans are the brand’s originals, and, today, you can rock them with sneakers as well as snakeskin boots (just be sure to order a shorter leg for use with sneakers). But Wrangler also offers a range of super-durable jeans for every fit preference and use.”. High-quality denim can be pricey, and purchasing a pair of these jeans may feel less like shopping for clothes and more like making an investment. Prices range on their website from about $150 to $350 per pair of jeans. Forbes ranks them as number one: “‘For all around perfect jean, Todd Snyder is the way to go’, says Turner Allen, founder and lead stylist of Style Turner. ‘Their robust denim selection features lots of different washes and fits to suit almost anyone’s preferences, from novice to expert.'” And most options will give you plenty of stretch with a makeup of 85 percent cotton, 13.5 percent polyester, and 1.5 percent elastane. Gear Patrol notes that “American designer Todd Snyder’s eponymous label launched a denim collection earlier in 2021. The debut was designed to make the process of shopping for jeans easier, thus dividing his iterations into three categories, Stretch, Selvedge, and Small Batch. His jeans are available in an array of washes and wears, and most feature a nearly undetectable amount of stretch.”. “Todd Snyder, the NYC-based designer behind every other expertly elevated basic in your closet, is equally adept when it comes to denim. Go figure,” writes Esquire, whom listed the these as their pick for highest quality. Big names can garner big price tags, and sometimes without quality products to back them up, but reviewers make clear that with your purchase (or investment) comes a high-quality product from Todd Snyder. Note: This article was not paid for nor sponsored. StudyFinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. This post may contain affiliate links. Content Strategist at Skyward IT Solutions
Freelance Writer & Photographer
NASM CPT, CES
Precision Nutrition Level 1
Introvert Level 10
Student for Life. View Joe's article archive. Stupid article, nr 2-5 isn’t even excisting in Europe to my knowledge… Must be american brands that are so bad that they haven’t been exported…. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Do you cry at museums? Art can evoke special bodily sensationsBest Electric Cars Of 2023: Top 5 EV Models Recommended By ExpertsBest Electric SUVs Of 2023: Top 5 Models Most Recommended By ExpertsOwning a cat or dog may protect children from developing food allergies. Use promo code sfship for free shipping. © 2023 41 Pushups, LLC.

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories. By Yang-Yi Goh and Gerald Ortiz. All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. A few years back, if you were on the hunt for the best jeans for men you'd probably encounter a dictionary's worth of denim-related jargon rivaling the vernacular of any fancy wine enthusiast. There was confusing terminology to learn—sanforized, loomstate, ring spun—on top of bogus myths related to washing your jeans in the ocean or “cleaning” them in the freezer (to be clear: don't do that). Provenance suddenly became important, too—was the denim milled in Japan or America?—and the price tags on these artisanal dungarees were not unlike what you’d find on a well-aged bottle of Châteauneuf-du-Pape: wallet-busting. The selvedge sommeliers are still around, sure, and we appreciate their service. (Thanks to their efforts, raw denim is even enjoying a bit of a resurgence!) But these days, stylish dudes have mostly moved on from that extreme level of denim geekery, largely conceding the fact that jeans are best when they're treated just like, well, jeans: knockabout, utilitarian, the kind of thing you put on without a second thought most days of the week. As long as they look good, who cares how much they cost? You think Dennis Hopper ever wondered if his jeans were chain-stitched by hand? Of course not! And with that kind of attitude, you shouldn't spend more than $100 on a pair if you can help it. What can you expect on a sub-Benjamin budget? Well, you can count out many of the details that denimheads covet. That means no super-duper heavyweight joints (the standard 12-14 oz. denim is likely the beefiest you'll come across). You also won't find a ton of jeans cut from selvedge, the slow-made denim that's often woven on rare shuttle looms—though we included a handful of wallet-friendly selvedge options in the mix below. And the artisanal construction details that differentiate the specialty denim stores from their mall brand counterparts won't be here, either. Hidden rivets, single-piece flies, vegetable-tanned leather patches, lined rear pockets—you won't find many of those in this price bracket. But all those bells and whistles are just that—bells and whistles. Those details are for the real obsessives anyway, and if that's not you, your chief considerations should be fit and wash, which you’ll want to appear as natural as possible. That means no more Jersey Shore bleach-heavy fades, with all that uber-fake “whiskering” across the thighs. Instead, your jeans should look like you broke them in yourself—or be dark enough that you actually can break them in yourself. To give you a head start, we’ve tracked down all the go-anywhere, do-anything, all-around best jeans for men under $100—most of which you can pick up, right now, at your local shopping mall. Sizes: 28"x32"-66"x34" Rise: 12.25" Leg Opening: 17" Material: 100% cotton Fabric Weight: 12 ounces Fly: Button Colors: Indigo and black. What, did you really think Levi's wouldn't be at the top of this list?The age-old denim purveyor's iconic 501s are the jeans that invented the category—the begetter of blue jeans!—and thanks to their timeless straight-leg fit, they're still every bit as relevant today as they were in the late 1800s. The idea with the OG Shrink-to-Fit model is this: size up a 2-3 inches, put them on, and get in a tub of warm water (yes, you read that right). After a few minute of blue bath time, get out and let 'em dry on your body. They’ll shrink down to your normal size, hugging your curves in the right places and forming to your body like they were tailored for you. From then on you can wear ‘em how you damn well please. In fact, you should wear ’em as hard as you can and wash ‘em every couple of weeks. The result? The best-fitting, best-looking, best-feeling pair of jeans you'll ever own. Eventually, you’ll get that nice vintage fade that's oh-so coveted by avid jeans folks. (It’s the kind of stuff that started a whole legion of denim-related myths, but don’t let the lore scare you off.) And don't worry: you can skip the bath portion of the process and wash ‘em however you want, and they’ll still look like money. Sizes: 28"x34"-40"-34" Rise: 10.75" Leg Opening: 13.5" Materials: 98% organic cotton, 2% elastane Fabric Weight: 13 ounces Fly: Zip Colors: Varies. Jeans this uniformly dark are normally stiffer than moonshine and about as comfortable as a root canal. Thanks to a clever infusion of stretchy elastane, Everlane’s signature Japanese denim gives you that pristine indigo look—which cement these as the most office-appropriate pair of the bunch—without any of the sandpapery breaking-in period. By that same measure, they’re also surprisingly sag-resistant: you can wear them every day of the week, and they’ll never lose their flatteringly lean shape. Pair ‘em with a tweed blazer, knit tie, and equally-crisp white sneakers for a fit that’ll take you from a meeting with your boss straight into a post-work breakdown of said meeting with your nosy colleagues. Sizes: 27"x32"-44"x34" Rise: 10" Leg Opening: 14" Material: 98% cotton, 2% spandex Fly: Zip Colors: Indigo and black. For anyone looking to score a pair of jeans with some street cred (or modest menswear-forum fame), a pair of selvedge denim jeans is a requisite. Why? Most fabrics are woven on looms that leave raw edges. Selvedge denim, on the other hand, is woven on looms that leave a self edge that is densely woven and won't unravel. When someone's got their jeans cuffed, look for a vertical stripe (it's probably white and red) at the outside seam and you'll know its selvedge. While experts love the slow-made nature of selvedge, that added production time increases the end cost. It's rare to find selvedge denim under $100, but Uniqlo has consistently been one shining star in a sky of indigo. The fabric it uses is a mid-weight denim that's crispy enough to past denimhead muster but also has a touch of stretch to make it bearable for the average Joe. The unwashed finish means you can lock in your own personal fades, but the sanforized process means you won't have to worry about shrinkage when you eventually decide to give them a wash. Plus, little touches like slick gunmetal hardware and reinforced belt loops give them a premium look and feel that you'd more likely peg as the flagship jean of a high-fashion designer. Sizes: 26"x32"-42"x36" Rise: Mid Leg Opening: 17" Colors: Varies Material: 100% cotton Weight: 10-13.5 ounces. If you're still riding the Dad Wave™, don't quit when it comes to denim—get yourself a pair of Lees. The fabric is hardy, the fit is boxy and perfect for athletic builds, and the wash is blissfully uniform, without any crazy distressing. Most important, they'll only set you back a measly $30—because we all know affordability is the sine qua non of a great dad jean. Sizes: 28"x28"-42"34" Rise: N/A Leg Opening: 14.75" Material: 94% cotton, 5% recycled cotton, 1% Elastane Fly: Zip Colors: Varies. Gap kicked off this whole “quality jeans at an inoffensive price” movement a decade ago, and they keep the party rolling with these medium-wash crowd pleasers. Worried you’ve got too much, ahem, “power” in your legs to squeeze into any of these slim-fit jeans? This pair was engineered to look great on the broadest range of body types: not too snug, not too loose. Not for nothing, there’s also a lived-in character to these that’s hard to come by—they’ll feel like a familiar old fave right from the jump. That’s the denim equivalent of what NBA stat heads would call an “intangible.”. Sizes: 30"x30"-44"36" Rise: N/A Leg Opening: 17" Material: 98% cotton, 2% Elastane Fabric Weight: 15 ounces Fly: Zip Colors: Indigo. Carhartt's been doling out its tough-as-nails, real-deal workwear for well over a century. On top of its famed Detroit work jackets and duck canvas double-knee pants, the brand also knows how to engineer some solid denim. At 15 ounces, the denim on these utility jeans is the heaviest on this list—and that's before you factor in the double-layered knee panels. With all that heft, you can bet that these jeans will outlast your barista career and will only look better with every wear. Even without the extra knees and hardware, these jeans would still make our list because of the fine-tuned relaxed fit and classic rise. Sizes: 27"x30"-54"36" Rise: 11.125" Leg Opening: 16.75" Material: 100% cotton Fabric Weight: 12-15 ounces Fly: Zip Colors: Varies. This is the jean of choice for Super Bowl stars and real-ass cowboys alike. Wrangler's bootcut jeans are iconic thanks to their hip-hugging top block and flared hems, which pool over a pair of boots like a denim fondue. The denim is a dense, 100% cotton fabric that can handle its own on and off a saddle, with or without a center crease. The lightest version weighs in at 12 ounces, which is fairly average for most jeans, but most of Wrangler's options sit at a beefier 14-15 ounces, about as heavy as anyone can expect for jeans under $100—let alone jeans at around $30. If you want to go especially hard, we recommend serving them up the way a young Harrison Ford would've: with a western belt, a plaid blazer, and a pair of serious movie star shades. Or you could lean into their groovier side and rock them with a pair of canvas sneakers and a vintage tee. These jeans bootcut jeans ain't just boot-ready—they're ready for anything. Sizes: Varies Rise: Varies Leg Opening: 8.375" Material: Varies Fabric Weight: Varies Fly: Button Colors: Varies. If you didn't know by now, Levi's has been around for a long, long time. That means there's untold amounts of vintage Levi's waiting to be given a new lease on life. And while we love trawling through thrift shops in search for the perfect pair, you can now can cop a killer pair of vintage Levi's straight from the source. Following in the footsteps of brands like Patagonia and its WornWear program, the first name in denim introduced this platform for buying used and vintage Levi's garms to meet growing demand for secondhand products. Not only does it represent a serious step toward a circular fashion economy that should hopefully help move the environmental needle, it's also the easiest way to get your legs into great jeans that absolutely no one else will own. You could certainly hit up your local vintage joint to scoop a pair, but if you're not about the thrill of the hunt, the Levi's Secondhand site streamlines the process. And what's better than the beauty of a pair of naturally faded vintage jeans? Vintage redline jeans are hard to come by, and will typically cost you a pretty penny—but Gap's are the next best thing. On top of their selvedge denim fabric, they also feature a light wash and tasteful distressing—whiskers, train track fades, subtle nicks at the hems— that lend them the most convincing pre-worn look you'll come across, especially at this price point. If you'd really rather not break in a pair of jeans yourself, these are for you. Ben Davis is a titan of real-deal workwear, the kind of label you see in shops filled with military surplus gear and goods made for construction workers. The brand's carpenter jeans use a dense and crunchy 14 ounce denim that comes raw and ready to fade just like the high-end stuff. At the same time, though, they're a far cry from fancy fashion dungarees—which means they're definitely not slim and are almost criminally affordable. The Best Jeans for Men Under $100. The Best Athletic Fit Jeans for Guys With Big Thighs. The Best Ripped Jeans for Men Deliver Serious Attitude to Your Simplest Fits. The Best Black Jeans for Men to Wear Right Now. Not a subscriber? Join GQ to receive full access to GQ.com. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

We independently research, test, review, and recommend the best
products—learn more about
 our process. If you buy something through our links, we may earn a commission. People / Kristin Kempa. While they get their popularity from the athleisure world, leggings are far more than a pair of pants you can run, walk, lift, or do yoga in. Beyond the gym, you can wear leggings to the office, out with friends, while running errands, or as loungewear, making them a staple wardrobe item. “The past few years, we have seen a surge in the popularity of leggings because they can be dressed up or down,” says Michelle Wahler, CEO and co-founder of Beyond Yoga. “Leggings are an everyday wardrobe staple as they are comfortable and functional." In addition to their versatility, leggings are a fantastic wardrobe investment because they “never go out of style,” says Jeni Elizabeth, a network and celebrity wardrobe stylist. “If purchased in the right size, they are a great article of clothing that is versatile from day to night in a blink.". Whether you’re on the hunt for the best pair of yoga leggings or you want a pair of leggings for everyday wear, we’re got you covered with our top picks for the best leggings, ahead, including some we've tested ourselves. Anyone looking for a pair of comfortable, sweat-wicking leggings that are squat-proof. Those needing leggings with pockets. For a legging that's as versatile as it is comfortable, the Alo Yoga 7/8 High-Waist Airbrush Legging has these qualities and then some. During our testing, we found these to be durable and supportive without being restrictive or suffocating. With a 7/8 length, these hit just below the ankle on someone who is 5-foot-2, so keep in mind if you're shorter or taller than average. Thanks to the thick material, they also passed our squat test, so we're happy to report these leggings are gym-friendly. Constructed from a four-way stretch fabric with sweat-wicking and odor-resistant features, these comfortable leggings allow you to get your flow on while helping to maintain dryness, despite the heat. They also come in lots of fun colors, including the classics like black and white and a beautiful dark plum, midnight green, and bright red. Worth noting: These weren't as great for HIIT workouts or running since the waistband tended to slip down a bit during these types of exercises. They also don't have pockets, so if that's important to you, keep scrolling for other options. Price at time of publish: $98. Material: Polyester, spandex | Size Range: XXS-XL | Colors: Black, White, Cantaloupe, Blue Splash, Red Hot Summer, Oatmeal Heather, Lemonade, Chalk Blue, French Vanilla, Dark Plum, Green Glow, Midnight Green. Someone looking for a budget-friendly legging that can be worn for fashion and athleisure purposes, as well as high-intensity workouts. People needing more individualized sizing. Budget-friendly and high-quality, this four-pack of leggings for $30 from Amazon is a total steal. The Campsnail High-Waisted Leggings set comes in 14 different color palettes and styles, including a pack of black, pink, blue, and green (as well as an all-black fleece-lined option) and is constructed from polyester with 8 percent stretch for maximum comfort and flexibility. Designed with durability in mind, these leggings are incredibly versatile and work well for everyday wear as well as high-intensity workouts, yoga, and running. Price at time of publish: $30.99. Material: 92% polyester, 8% spandex | Size Range: S-XXL | Colors: Black, Pink Blue, Green, Navy, Gray, Wine, Dark Gray, Army Green, Camo, Black Leopard, Gray Slate, Dim Gray, White, Coffee. Someone shopping for a buttery soft everyday legging that they can wear on and off the mat. Those looking for a more fashion-forward legging versus activewear. Designed for athleisure and movement alike, the Athleta Salutation Stash Tight has a buttery soft feel that can move with you on your mat but also look cute with a sweater and sneakers for a comfortable everyday look. They also feature one of the best size spectrums on our list with sizes XXS-3XL in regular, XS-XL in tall, and XXS-L in petite. With a range a range of excellent color options, including neutrals like black and tan, as well as bright red, green, orange and a gorgeous burgundy brown, you're sure to find exactly what you need. Price at time of publish: $89.99. Material: Nylon, lycra | Size Range: XXS-3XL (regular), XS-XL (tall), XXS-L (petite) | Colors: Rustic Beige, Spiced Cabernet, Seaweed Snack, Navy, Black, Candy Red, Foliage Orange. Someone shopping for basic, solid leggings on Amazon with a budget-friendly price tag. Anyone shopping for a more high-end legging brand. Amazon is overflowing with some fantastic legging picks, however, the Leggings Depot High Waisted Leggings for Women is considered the best. With an average 4.3/5 stars from over 38,000 customers, these leggings are ideal everyday basics, thanks to their simple design, comfortable high-waist fit, super soft fabric, and stretch. Plus, the color options and sizing bring a wow factor like no other with sizes up to 5XL offered, along with 45 colors. While we don't recommend them for hardcore workouts or gym squats, if you need comfy option to wear with sweaters to the office or for low-impact yoga, you can’t go wrong with this budget buy from Amazon. Price at time of publish: $10.99. Material: 92% polyester, 8% spandex | Size Range: S-5XL (plus One Size and One Size Plus) | Colors: Black, Burgundy, Charcoal Gray, Heather Gray, and 40 others. Anyone looking for a pair of warm leggings for everyday wear during the cold winter months. Those shopping for more breathable, sweat-wicking styles. If you’re on the hunt for a pair of leggings that will keep you warm and toasty during frigid winter months, the Baleaf fleece-lined leggings are our top pick for the best fleece-lined leggings. With 4.4 stars from over 25,000 Amazon customers, these leggings have rave reviews for their well-made construction, warm and comfortable design, and fit. Plus, they come in three different styles — water resistant, without pockets, and with pockets — so you can choose a style that best fits your needs. The fleece leggings are made from a durable polyester fabric with 13 percent spandex stretch — so, despite their warmth, they can still move with you. With that said, they’re ideal for everyday wear and might be a little too thick for workouts as they aren’t as breathable as more sweat-wicking styles. Price at time of publish: $26.88 (orig. $41.99). Material: 82% polyester, 18% spandex | Size Range: XS-3XL | Colors: Black, Army Green, Dark Blue, Gray, Purple, Wine, Niagara, White, Blue Ice, Brown. Someone shopping for black leggings that double as comfy pants. Someone looking for leggings in a variety of colors or a wider size range. Ideal for everyday wear, the Abercrombie & Fitch Contour Full-Length Leggings might work well for workouts, but we prefer them as our comfy pants. The leggings are made from a buttery soft polyester and elastane blend fabric that moves with the body without restrictions. And, the high-waist design adds a layer of support to the waist and stomach area that feels ultra-comfortable for all-day wear. Whether you’re looking for a pair of leggings that double as pants or need something soft and comfortable for low-impact workouts, these Abercrombie leggings are it. Price at time of publish: $59. Material: 80% polyester, 20% elastane | Size Range: XXS-XL | Colors: Black. Someone looking for a durable, supportive pair of leggings with sweat-wicking fabric. Anyone looking for breathable leggings for a hot climate (or hot yoga) or a pair that's more affordable. The Lululemon Wunder Train High-Rise Tight with Pockets are known to be great for training, and our tests confirmed this. They are designed to withstand ultra-sweaty workouts with the brand’s fastest drying fabric. On top of that, they are supportive and have a flexible four-way stretch, with a drawstring waist that helps keep them secure. Despite all the movement, these leggings kept their shape after multiple wears and washes, thanks the addition of lycra fiber, which allows them to stretch without losing their structure. The leggings also come in a variety of vibrant and neutral colors, including classic black, pomegranate red, roasted brown, and cayenne orange, and they have pockets so you can keep your phone and keys close as needed. One thing worth mentioning is that while sweat-wicking, they aren't super breathable, so if you need a more lightweight pair of leggings for hot yoga or if you live in a hot climate, these may be too thick for your liking. Price at time of publish: $128. Material: Nylon, lycra, elastane | Size Range: 0-20 | Colors: Java, Blue Nile, Roasted Brown, Pomegranate, Cayenne, Heather Graphite Grey, Black. Girlfriend Collective. Moms-to-be looking for a comfortable legging they can move or workout in. Those wanting more fashion-forward maternity leggings. The best workout legging for moms-to-be is the Girlfriend Collective Seamless Maternity Legging. Much like other Girlfriend Collective leggings, these are constructed from eco-friendly fabric consisting of recycled nylon (derived from fishing nets in the ocean) and spandex. They’re designed with a foldable over-the-belly rise, has a second skin feel, and four-way stretch, allowing you to move comfortably in your workouts without worrying about restrictions. They’re also ideal for sweaty workouts with their moisture-wicking and breathable design, too. Price at time of publish: $88. Material: 83% recycled nylon, 17% spandex | Size Range: XXS-6XL (in two inseam lengths) | Colors: Black, Midnight, Moss, Plum, Smoke. Someone looking for a pair of super stretchy leggings with a pocket that is big enough to hold their phone and other essentials. Those shopping for a pair of plain leggings without a logo. If you need a pair of leggings with a phone pocket, we love ours from Lorna Jane. The Superior Phone Pocket Ankle Biter Leggings come in seven sizes and made with a comfortable, supportive high-rise waist. They feature a large side pocket that sits seamlessly against the leg when not in use but is still big enough to hold your smartphone, keys, and AirPods, too. Constructed from polyester with 29 percent elastane, the leggings are out-of-this-world stretchy, making them ideal for almost every kind of workout, especially pilates and yoga. On top of that, they have a fun logo design on the sides of the waist for added detail and flair. Price at time of publish: $110. Material: 71% polyester, 29% elastane | Size Range: XXS-XXL | Colors: Black, Sunset Orange. Someone shopping for a pair of lightweight and flexible running tights. Those who prefer the seamless style of leggings. Runners need a pair of leggings — or running tights — with lots of stretch, comfort, and a lightweight feel. And, they’ll find those requirements in the Nike Epic Luxe Mid-Rise Pocket Trail Running Leggings. These leggings are designed from a blend of polyester (including 75 percent recycled polyester) and elastane for a comfortable, lightweight run. They also have a bunch of fun style and functional features, including a drawstring waist, several handy pockets for your phone, keys, earbuds, card, and other essentials, and are designed to withstand unexpected weather while running on trails. Price at time of publish: $110. Material: 80% polyester, 20% spandex | Size Range: XS-XL | Colors: Black, Mineral Clay, Medium Olive. Someone shopping for a pair of wrap-waist leggings suitable for sweaty outdoor workouts. Those wanting the wrapped look without the cut-out effect. Wrap-waist leggings are a fun way to add some unique detail while keeping things simple — and we love the Beyond Yoga Spacedye That's A Wrap High Waisted Midi Legging for just that. These comfortable leggings are made from a moisture-wicking polyester and elastane fabric blend and feature a wrapped-looking waistband with two cut-outs at the sides. They’re also buttery soft and, therefore, form to the body like a glove, making them all the more comfortable. The four-way stretch and ability to wick away moisture allows them to easily move with you and keep you dry even during tough workouts. On top of that, these leggings are made for outdoor workouts as they also feature UV protection to keep your skin safer from the sun. Price at time of publish: $99. Material: 87% polyester, 13% elastane | Size Range: XS-XL | Colors: Black Charcoal. Someone shopping for a pair of comfortable faux leather leggings with built-in shapewear. Anyone wanting a more patent finish or those shopping for leggings made from real leather. Leather pants are cute but not always the most comfortable. For a pair of leather pants that moves with you without restrictions, we recommend the faux leather leggings from Spanx. PEOPLE Commerce Writer Madison Yauger says she loves these leggings because "they're so sleek and can make any outfit a little more elevated.". These beloved leggings are also a favorite amongst influencers like Dani Austin and celebrities from Kelly Clarkson to Hailee Steinfeld. We loved that they come in an inclusive size range — with regular, petite, and tall options — so you can trust that they will hug you in all the right places. And because they are Spanx leggings, they also come with a side of shapewear, featuring a shaping waistband, a contoured design for shaping the booty, and built-in camel-toe prevention (which we very much appreciated). Price at time of publish: $98. Material: 87% nylon, 13% elastane with polyurethane coating | Size Range: XS-3X (regular, petite, tall) | Colors: Black. Related: The 15 Best Faux Leather Leggings of 2023, According to Celebrity Stylists. Anyone shopping for super comfortable leggings that double as pajamas. Someone shopping for a pair of comfortable leggings they can work out and lounge in. Leggings can often double as loungewear, especially when considering the Skims Cotton Rib Legging. These leggings are made from a super comfy and stretchy ribbed cotton jersey material with 5 percent spandex stretch for a glove-like fit. They’re breathable, stylish, and have a boxer-like look that is Kardashian-approved. On top of that, they come in lots of amazing colors, including a range of skin tones, and neutrals like gray, white, and black, as well as bright red and cobalt blue. Price at time of publish: $54. Material: 95% cotton, 5% spandex | Size Range: XXS-4X | Colors: Cobalt, Ruby, Sangria, Umber, Sedona, Camel, Black, Kyanite, Mineral, Light Heather Gray, White. Related: These Are the Best Lingerie Pieces for Valentine's Day 2023. Someone shopping for a pair of workout leggings with a slight flare. Anyone wanting a pair of leggings with a brighter color range. Flare is back and the best way to get into the trend is with an adorable pair of bootcut leggings, like these ones from Alo Yoga. The Airbrush High-Waist Bootcut Legging has the perfect silhouette with a hem that reaches just beyond the ankle for a stylish fit. And much like the beloved Alo Yoga 7/8 High-Waist Airbrush Legging, these are constructed from an ultra stretchy polyester and spandex material that boasts lots of breathability while wicking away sweat to keep you nice and dry during your workouts. Additionally, these are the best trendy leggings for an athleisure look and can be worn with a pair of chunky white sneakers and an oversized sweater for an celeb-worthy ensemble. Price at time of publish: $108. Material: 87% nylon, 13% spandex | Size Range: XXS-XL| Colors: Black, White, Ivory, Espresso. Someone shopping for a pair of workout leggings with a side of excellent shapewear technology. Those wanting a dressier pair of leggings for everyday wear. The best shapewear leggings are undoubtedly the Spanx Booty Boost Active 7/8 Leggings, which are designed for an active lifestyle while providing just the right amount of life, support, and shape. These leggings are constructed from the brand’s unique sculpting performance fabric and featured a contoured waistline to help lift the booty and keep the waist feeling secure. In addition to its shapewear features, the leggings are also quick-dry, sweat-wicking, and breathable with four-way stretch so they can withstand high-intensity workouts, too. Plus, they feature a hidden phone pocket so you can keep your essentials close. Price at time of publish: $98. Material: 68% nylon, 32% elastane | Size Range: XS-3X | Colors: Dark Palm, Black, Navy Haze, Dark Fig, Rich Red, Maroon Purple, Storm Blue, Jade, Graphite Dust. Someone shopping for a pair of ankle slit leggings that end just below the ankle. Someone looking for floor-length flare leggings. Flares with slits at the ankles are another popular legging style at the moment. For the best pair of leggings in this style, consider the Athleta Elation Split Flare Pant, which features a flared hem silhouette with a slit up the front of the ankles. We love these because they are designed to reach just beyond the ankles (so they don’t drag on the floor) and have a slit size that is just big enough to expose our favorite chunky sneakers. Additionally, the leggings have a comfortable high-waist fit with a sweat-wicking lycra and nylon material that helps evaporate moisture during challenging workouts. Price at time of publish: $54.99 (orig. $109). Material: Nylon and lycra | Size Range: XXS-3XL (regular, petite, tall) | Colors: Black, ancient mahogany, noble blue. Someone looking for a lightweight and breathable pair of capri leggings with enough compression for high-intensity workouts. Those who prefer leggings with thicker waistbands. The Icon Capri Legging from Good American is our top pick for the best-cropped legging, thanks to its sleek matte compression fabric, high-waisted fit, and slim waistband. With a silhouette that stretches just below the knee, a four-way flexible stretch, and quick dry capabilities, these leggings are excellent for sweaty and challenging workouts, too. Additionally, they have built-in UV protection, making them great leggings for hiking, walking, and other outdoor exercises. Plus, their more minimalistic design makes them a more versatile choice for athleisure looks, too. Price at time of publish: $69. Size Range: XS-4XL | Colors: Black. Someone looking for a pair of statement-making leggings for a night out on the town. People who want dressy leggings but prefer something more subtle than patent leather. The best leggings for going out are the Good American Vinyl Leggings, which feature a glossy patent leather-like finish. These faux leather leggings are ultra shiny and slick and come in an inclusive size range of XS through 5X. They’re constructed from a stretchy, lightweight, and breathable faux leather fabric that boasts lots of comfort, too, making them ideal for a night of dancing and fun. Price at time of publish: $99. Material: 50% polyester, 46% cotton, 4% elastane | Size Range: XS-5X | Colors: Black, Dark Cocoa. Shoppers wanting a pair of ribbed leggings with unique yet subtle details. Those wanting a more traditional legging waistband instead of a lace-up look or anyone searching for ribbed leggings that are a bit more affordable. Ribbed leggings not only provide a nice texture, but also a comfortable design detail we love. Our top pick for the best-ribbed leggings is the Year of Ours Ribbed Football Legging, which we live in. These leggings are inspired by retro football pants (hence the name) and feature a minimalistic ribbed detail with a comfortable lace-up waistline that allows for a more custom fit. Constructed from nylon and spandex, the leggings are ideal for sweaty workouts with their breathable and moisture-wicking technology, plus they boast lots of style, making them a dreamy for athleisure days, too. Price at time of publish: $125. Material: 85% nylon, 15% spandex | Size Range: XS-2X | Colors: Rose Violet, Blue Flame, Black, Navy, Dune, White, Desert Rose, Honeycomb, Dark Oak, Bone, Deep Teal, Terra-cotta, Heather Gray, Hot Pink. First and foremost, the most important thing to look for in a legging is size, says Elizabeth. “You want the legging to fit and be comfortable, but not so tight that it leaves marks on your body or shows underwear lines,” she explains. When considering size, it helps to take note of any insights from product reviews to find out whether or not a legging is true to size, as well as the product description for insight from the brand. If you are unsure of your size, consider taking your measurements and reviewing the brand’s size chart, which will help guide you to the right choice for your specific body. Next, Elizabeth says to consider color, which can vary from person to person and is very much dependent on personal style preferences and wardrobe needs. “I would first invest in colors that are universal for your wardrobe,” she explains. “Blacks and tans always seem to roll from season to season and typically blend well into a closet.". In addition to color, Elizabeth also says to look at the legging style and choose options based on your needs and preferences. Many leggings come in high-waist silhouettes, but you can also find mid-rise options, too. Additionally, leggings fit snug around the ankle as well as flare out like a pair of statement-making jeans. When shopping for leggings, Elizabeth says a three-quarter legging style can be worn with both sneakers or heels. She also recommends starting with a high-waist style. “Quality is also important as you need pieces to hold up for as many workouts and washes as possible,” says Wahler. A quality legging can be marked in a variety of ways. “Depending on the fabric, you want to make sure that they are not see-through and, if necessary, they come above your stomach and hold you in or at the minimum sit above your hip bones,” says Elizabeth. She also adds that thicker compression fabrics can smooth out the look of the legs and tend to indicate a higher quality, too. With this in mind, consider the material type, how much stretch a legging has, and any insight on the overall performance, shape retention, and technology used to create the leggings. Most high-quality leggings will have transparent product pages with this information so you can easily research the best leggings for you and your activity needs. All the leggings on our list of top picks are considered high-quality for their price point and performance capabilities. However, our top pick for the best leggings — the Athleta Salutation Stash Tight — has impressive construction that is worth noting. This legging has a buttery soft texture with enough compression to keep its shape while providing a comfortable and flexible stretch for activities such as yoga, pilates, and more. When it comes to the best leggings to wear as pants, Wahler says you can go wrong with a black style, as the color is easy to dress up or down, be it high heels and a blouse or boots and a sweater. Our top pick for going out leggings is the Good American Vinyl Leggings which feature a glossy patent finish that feel luxurious and stylish. We also love the Spanx Faux Leather Leggings  for a leather-inspired option as they can be dressed up or down, depending on your needs. The Kardashians are known to represent their own brands and have been photographed in both Skims and Good American leggings. Our top pick for the best lounge leggings, the Skims Cotton Rib Legging, are a favorite. And the Good American The Icon Capri Legging and Good American Vinyl Leggings are other Kardashian-approved must-haves. Jessie Quinn is a contributing commerce writer for PEOPLE and has written for publications such as Byrdie, InStyle, The Spruce, NYLON, and more. When researching the best leggings for women, Jessie considered both fashion, athleisure, and workout options, and carefully looked at the quality of construction, design, and material to find her top picks. She also made note of sweat-wicking styles, along with other important features like built-in pockets, support, and stretch. Additionally, Jessie reached out to top legging and fashion experts Jeni Elizabeth and Michelle Wahler to learn more about what makes a pair of leggings the best. As a result, she curated a list of the best leggings. Up Next: The Best Black Leggings of 2023, Tested and Reviewed. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

© 2023 41 Pushups, LLC. A good pair of leggings (or several) is an essential in every girl’s wardrobe. Especially since the pandemic, “athleisure” clothing has exploded into the mainstream. It’s now acceptable to wear leggings and workout clothes year-round, for every activity from pilates to grocery shopping and errands. The best women’s leggings are not only comfortable and capable of handling a wide range of activities, but look flattering and fit well in all the right places. Leggings in women’s fashion have been around for decades, but primarily returned to the scene in the 1960’s, adapting form-fitting dancewear made from Lycra for aerobics. Leggings eventually made their way into streetwear and have been adapted to meet the needs of the modern women, with different types of temperature and moisture control technology, plus even some functional pockets. In a study conducted by Slice Intelligence, researchers found that more female customers ordered leggings than jeans over the past three months. Online orders from the time examined were compared to data pulled from the same period last year. The results showed that leggings orders increased by 41 percent, whilst denim orders only increased by a mere 3 percent. When it comes to deciding what to keep around in your closet, it’s important to consider what you actually wear the most often. Despite the size of their wardrobe, most people will tend to gravitate toward what makes them look good and feel comfortable, which often means they wear the same pieces over and over again. In fact, a poll from the United Kingdom surveying over 2,000 British adults. One notable found that people had an average of $268.44 worth of outfits that had never been worn. About 8 to 10 people said they regularly wear the same clothes. Only 6% of adults said they wore everything in their wardrobe at least once. Purchasing a few pairs of good leggings might be a good investment if you’re looking to add functional yet comfy pieces to your wardrobe! StudyFinds has searched for the best women’s leggings on the market and compiled a list of the best choices, sourced from 10 expert websites. Have a favorite pair of your own? Let us know in the comments below! Lululemon is now a household name in women’s fashion and was the most commonly recommended choice across our chosen sources. Their leggings are a little on the pricier side, but have been designed with comfort and fit in mind. “Serious yogis and fitness buffs seeking a legging that will let them focus on their movements and perhaps make them forget they’re wearing any leggings at all won’t be let down by the Lululemon Align Pant,” writes CNN. The Align pant is the softest legging, designed to hug the skin and stay put while moving with you. “Lululemon’s Align Super High-Rise pants are so weightless and buttery soft that they feel like a second skin, says Vogue. Alo Yoga is a brand that has taken the athleisure craze to the next level. They design clothing that is meant to be lived in, so you can run a few errands then head straight to the gym while still looking put together. “Head to your next intense workout looking chic as ever,” says Self. “It’s suitable for all kinds of workouts, including yoga sessions or CrossFit workouts, but we won’t blame you if you just want to wear them to brunch instead.”. The Airbrush legging has been seen on multiple celebrities for good reason – they’re flattering and smoothing while still being functional and comfy. “Here’s why they’re worth the repeated street style sightings: they’re smoothing but supportive for high-impact workouts, they have moisture-wicking properties for the sweatiest classes, and they’re wear-tested on multiple sizes for a universally beloved fit,” says Harper’s Bazaar. Spanx is known for their best-selling shapewear, but did you know they make leggings too? Their Booty Boost legging hugs every curve while smoothing rolls or bloating comfortably. “These are the perfect length with no bunching at the ankles,” says a reviewer at the NY Post. “The seam on the tummy gives the illusion of no bulge and the seam on the back does the opposite, making the booty pop.”. The varied lengths are perfect for petite or shorter girls who want a good fit without any bunching or rolling. “There are no ifs, ands, or butts about it: Spanx’s best-selling Booty Boost Active Leggings have serious curve appeal,” raves Allure. “Now available in new colors, they’re made with a signature sculpting-performance fabric and contoured waistband for a supportive fit with major smoothing and lifting benefits.”. If you’re looking for a budget legging, these will do the trick. Ringing in at around $30, they are functional and soft but supportive. “Soft and comfortable, these cheap leggings fit and feel better than any other we tried at this price, but the cut wasn’t perfect for some testers,” remarks NY Times. “These leggings also have functional, convenient pockets.”. Reviewers wouldn’t recommend these for hard-core athletes who need more high-performance wear for moisture-wicking or temperature control. But if you’re looking for a cheap pair of leggings to lounge in or do some light activity, IUGA is a great pick.“If you’re looking for a pair of soft, comfortable, fashionable leggings that can handle the occasional run or yoga class, the IUGAs are perfectly wonderful, and a total steal,” writes Forbes. Athleta leggings are perfect for a comfy at-home pick. They’re soft and comfortable enough to lounge in without feeling restricted, and have enough temperature control to sleep in without getting too hot. “These Athleta leggings are my go-to at home pair,” says a reviewer at Conde Nast Traveler. “They are buttery soft, come up just below my waist, and are the kind of cooling fabric (a mix of nylon and lycra) that lends well to both hot or cold climates.”. Athleta also carries a wide range of sizes and colors – from petite to plus size. Many items run at over $100 per piece, but items often go on sale.“Two more reasons to love Athleta: their B Corp certification and their inclusive sizing, with petite and tall options, and the regular version available in sizes XXS to 3X. You can often snatch certain colorways on sale, too, which never hurts,” writes InStyle. Note: This article was not paid for nor sponsored. StudyFinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. This post may contain affiliate links. Elsa is a freelance journalist, copywriter, and marketer based out of the Los Angeles area. She has been writing for 7 years. View Elsa's article archive. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Do you cry at museums? Art can evoke special bodily sensationsBest Electric Cars Of 2023: Top 5 EV Models Recommended By ExpertsBest Electric SUVs Of 2023: Top 5 Models Most Recommended By ExpertsOwning a cat or dog may protect children from developing food allergies. Use promo code sfship for free shipping. © 2023 41 Pushups, LLC.

All products featured on SELF are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. The best leggings are supportive, stylish, and easy to wear no matter where the day takes you. Finding the holy-grail pair that isn’t too tight, saggy, or thin, however, is never as easy as it seems. As you may well know, not all leggings are created equal—especially when there are so many types to choose from: compression leggings that hold you in; thermal leggings that keep you toasty in cold weather; soft, stretchy leggings ideal for yoga flows; leggings that soothe and support pregnant and postpartum bodies; and leggings that are comfy enough for everyday wear—even to sleep. It’s a lot to consider! That’s where our 2023 Activewear Awards come in. We’ve spent the last several months testing dozens of pairs of leggings to find the best new styles out there. Below, find the expert-informed criteria we used to pick our winners and shop our top choices by category: You’ll find size-inclusive, high-quality picks from brands like Athleta, Columbia, Spanx, Zella, Beyond Yoga, Universal Standard, and more. Also look out for the All-Time Bests—a new winning category where we're awarding the leggings our testers love year after year. Whether you want a pair for HIIT workouts, yoga flows, or lounging, consider these factors to find the leggings that suit you best:. Lastly—and most importantly—you should feel great in your leggings. “When you’re low on motivation to work out, having clothes you feel good about might just give you that extra boost to get it done,” Alison Staples, RRCA-certified run coach and physical therapist assistant, previously told SELF. The leggings considered for the 2023 SELF Activewear Awards had to meet our submission guidelines, which you can read more about here. After brands submitted almost 500 items, a group of 45 testers (consisting of SELF staffers, fitness professionals, and exercise enthusiasts) got to work testing. Testers had two months to wear an item several times and in a number of ways, judging its performance against the standards set in SELF’s Activewear Buying Guide (a summary of which you can read above!). The leggings that came out on top are listed below. During our selection process, we were met once again with the disheartening reality that plus-size activewear options are not nearly as numerous as they should be, nor are they offered in the same quality as many straight sized lines. For that reason, we decided to include items that went up to a size 2X on the winners list, while instituting a new extended sizing badge system so you can easily tell at a glance which products are made for you (or not, as the case may be). For items that do only go up to 2X, we’ve mentioned comparable options from brands we trust that weren’t part of the testing process but are available in additional sizes. We hope that these awards, the badge system, and SELF as a whole will continue to push the industry forward when it comes to size inclusivity and fat acceptance. You can read more about our behind-the-scenes process here. And don’t forget to check out the rest of the 2023 SELF Activewear Award winners here! “In athletics, the idea behind compression wear is to improve blood flow or oxygen delivery to muscles,” James Borchers, MD, director of the division of sports medicine at Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, previously told SELF. Though studies about the benefits of compression clothing are minimal, experts say that compression wear appears to have some recovery benefits—and regardless, the tighter fit can just feel really nice. Our testers praised these sweat-wicking Prana Transform compression leggings in particular for their “beautiful fit,” hidden key pocket, and UPF 50+ fabric. “I love the level of compression these leggings offer,” said one judge. “They feel snug and secure without being overly tight or restrictive (and don’t make me sweat).”. Available in sizes XS to 3X. “These leggings made me feel cute and stylish,” one tester wrote. “The fit was perfect; they stayed up the entire time and didn’t roll down. Plus, the thicker waistband made me feel secure and comfortable.” These two-toned bottoms come in a range of fun colors, have a hidden interior pocket for keys, and a subtle V-shaped seaming in the back that highlights your butt. Available in sizes XXS to XXL. Additional sizes up to 3X available in a similar style here. If you’re someone who practically lives in leggings, this high-waisted pair from Zella is the perfect “durable, soft, everyday” option, as one tester put it. “These leggings fit my short, curvy frame. They are uber soft and comfy—I loved the feeling of the material, which wasn't super thin but not so thick that I felt hot or stuffy in them. They’re very easy to get on and off and offer just the right amount of stretch. I loved putting these on, and they genuinely just made me feel comfortable and excited to go about my day,” she said. Bonus: The leggings come with side pockets that are big enough to fit your phone. By Christine Byrne, MPH, RD. Available in sizes XS to XXL. For leggings you’ll reach for day after day, we recommend the Reebok Lux tights, which are extra high-waisted for support and shaping. “I am obsessed with these leggings,” one tester wrote. “Sometimes full-length leggings look ‘bunchy’ at the ankles, but these were perfect. The high waistband is extremely comfortable and flattering. They’re absolutely squat-proof as well. I felt very confident and comfortable, and I was able to complete all workouts without having to pull these up or adjust them at all (even during sweaty vinyasa yoga class).”. Available in sizes 2XS to 4X. Our judges raved about the soft, airbrushed material of these cropped Vuori leggings, which they say are just the right amount of high-waisted and a great go-to bottom if you’re looking for a sleek silhouette. “I feel confident and comfortable in them, thanks to their streamlined design, buttery soft fabric, and proportional fit,” one judge wrote. “The material moves with you, and I was able to do everything from squat to lunge to just plain walk in them. I didn’t have to mess with the drawstring at all.”. Available in sizes XXS to XXL. “When I first pulled these pants out of the package I couldn’t stop touching the fabric. It’s so silky soft on and off of your body,” one of our judges said. “They fit amazingly and I honestly kept them on all day after walking because they were so comfortable.” What sets these Spanx leggings apart is their lightweight, slippery-soft material that hugs the leg. “While wearing them on my hikes, the leggings were so light, comfortable, and compressive that I didn’t really notice them on my body,” another judge said. “I didn’t have to readjust the fit, and my temperature felt cool and regulated. Even though they’re skin-tight, I didn’t feel self-conscious.”. Available in sizes XS to 3X. For a classic pair of leggings that wick sweat and come in a large range of sizes, turn to these tights from Athleta. One tester (who wore them to cardio and strength-train) appreciated their snug, cropped fit and soft, but not-too-thick material. “They didn’t roll down or sag throughout my workout and were easy to peel off,” she wrote. “They’re a great standard legging in the sense that I could imagine myself wanting multiple pairs.”. Available in sizes XXS to 3X. For a pair of leggings that you might just forget are even on your body, turn to the second-skin Next to Naked Leggings. “These leggings are super soft and make you feel like you’re barely wearing pants,” one judge said. “They would work for a wide range of people—from those looking for comfortable, flattering athleisure to those looking for comfy leggings for light to fairly serious workouts.” Universal Standard gets extra points for its inclusive sizing as well. By Christine Byrne, MPH, RD. Available in sizes 4XS to 4XL. These high-rise compression leggings (which we’ve honored in previous years) continue to be crowd pleasers thanks to their sturdy, supportive waistband, no-sag fit, large pockets, and inclusive size range. “The leggings definitely did everything they were supposed to do. They were supportive, comfortable, cute, and helped me stay dry when I was really sweaty. I especially appreciated how the waistband stayed in place, and overall I didn’t have to adjust anything during my workouts,” one judge wrote. Available in sizes L to 7XL. Known for its bras, ThirdLove has proven it’s a competitor in the activewear space too, with a second consecutive SELF Activewear Award for their Kinetic Performance legging. What sets these apart is their elastic-free waist, which feels seamless and slips on and off easily. One tester, who wore the leggings during two-hour-long runs and a workout class, gave them top marks for their sizable pockets and compression at the band: “They’re the perfect amount of stretchy, and I had no problem squatting in them. I could wear these leggings year-round. The material is airy enough for summer but they’re full-length enough to keep me warm in winter.”. Available in sizes XS to 3X. Constructed without a front seam, these leggings help you avoid camel toe while still offering plenty of waistband support, four-way stretch, and a special seam that gives a little glute boost. One tester continually reached for these ahead of ballet classes, as they made her feel “graceful.”. Available in sizes XXS to XXXXL. Beyond Yoga leggings are the blueprint for “buttery soft.” They’re thick, tight, and extremely stretchy, so you can tackle all of your folds, inversions, and restorative poses without feeling restricted. “These leggings definitely lived up to my expectations,” wrote one tester. “I found myself reaching for them again and again since they were so comfortable, cute, and I didn't have to fiddle with them while teaching or practicing yoga.”. Available in sizes XXS to 4X. When you have a barbell strapped across your back, the last thing you want to be thinking about is a leggings snafu. You can trust this pair from Nobull, a brand that also makes some of the best strength-training shoes around. “These leggings held up through deadlifts, squats, split squats, and lunges,” said one tester. “I didn’t have to fuss with the waistband at all, and I didn't feel like I needed to adjust it a lot either. I felt like the function was really good here—it moved with me and never impeded my workout.”. Available in sizes XS to XXL. Additional sizes available in a similar style here. “My stomach is still settling back to its new normal postpartum, and the high-waisted, thick compression band at the top of these leggings is super comfortable,” one tester said. She appreciated the simplicity and support of these lightweight, medium-support Aerie leggings around her belly while she ran, took a squat class, and did Pilates: “I feel super confident in these leggings. They’re the perfect fit and provide just the right support around my stomach.”. By Christine Byrne, MPH, RD. Available in sizes XXS to XXL, including long and short. Additional sizes up to 4X available in a similar style here. If you’re someone who likes to exercise outdoors when temperatures drop, thermal and fleece-lined leggings come in handy. Our judges’ favorite for 2023 was this pair from Columbia, which reflect and trap heat while wicking sweat so that you stay both warm and dry. One of our testers was impressed by their comfort, durability, and—most importantly—their lasting heat: “I wore only these as bottoms while hiking in 32-degree weather (with no other base layers). The leggings were not only warm but were flexible and responsive with my movement. I’ll be wearing these on more hikes and camping trips to come.”. Available in sizes XS to 3X. If your movement of choice is a long trek through rugged terrain, you need a pair of leggings that will protect you from snags and falls. The Outdoor Research Ad-Vantage leggings are ideal, with a high-waisted fit, spacious pockets, and a design created in collaboration with a professional competitive climber who pinpointed areas that need extra strength against abrasion. "These leggings are meant to be reinforced for hiking outdoors. I am able to move at any angle in these and they stay in place," said one tester. “I also feel like they’re perfect for travel because they are durable, lightweight, and have some compression.”. Available in sizes XS to XXL. Additional sizes up to 26 available in a similar style here. Haven’t you heard? Yoga pants as regular pants are back, thanks to the larger Y2K revival. Our testers appreciated the smooth, silky fabric of these flare-bottom leggings, as well as the contoured waistband that feels snug and doesn’t budge with movement. The flared leg makes them look purposeful and styled—more so than a classic pair of leggings, which sometimes look more like a base layer. Available in sizes XS to 3X. SELF does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Any information published on this website or by this brand is not intended as a substitute for medical advice, and you should not take any action before consulting with a healthcare professional. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

We independently evaluate all recommended products and services. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
 Learn more. Real Simple / Alli Waataja. Ditching your worn-out bras for something more supportive can make your daily life much more comfortable (goodbye loose straps and underwire stabs). But given that there are so many types of bras available, shopping for a new one can easily become overwhelming. But worry not: We’ve spent hours researching bras and considering factors like style, size, fit, material, and return policy to find the best ones available for all kinds of busts and budgets. We also talked to Kimmay Caldwell, bra expert and undergarment educator, for pro tips on how to shop for bras. “Even the best bra in the wrong fit is going to feel like a bad bra,” says Caldwell. One way to ensure your bra will work for you is to check that the band feels like a snug hug. “Almost every single bra problem can be traced back to a loose or stretched out band,” says Caldwell. “You want your bra to fit on your body and just hug you and stay in place, so that band really is so important. I always tell people it's about 90 percent of the bra support.”. Whether you're looking for a comfortable wireless bra or a supportive minimizer bra, we found the best recommendations. Who it’s for: People looking for a versatile, comfortable bra that’s available in half-cup sizes and lots of colors. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a push-up bra. If you can’t seem to find a bra that fits right, this T-shirt bra from ThirdLove has your back. The beloved lingerie retailer carries their bras in half-cup sizes and has an impressive range of band sizes, going from size 32 to 44, so that no one has to settle for an ill-fitting bra. The 24/7 Classic T-Shirt Bra is made from nylon jersey fabric, which feels soft and cozy against the skin. It also has smoothing properties, so it vanishes underneath a T-shirt and leaves no trace of bra lines or bulging. The cups are made with ultra-thin memory foam, so they’ll mold to your body and won’t poke through a tight top. For additional comfort, the straps on this bra have a no-slip lining, so they’ll stay put without digging into your skin. The straps also have pleated details and feature gold alloy hardware for extra flair. ThirdLove carries their T-shirt bra in a wide range of neutral shades, so you’ll be able to find something close to your skin tone, as well as some more fun colors like Blue Ice and Tea Rose. ThirdLove also has a generous 60-day return policy, so there’s plenty of time to try out your bra and return it if you need a different size. Price at time of publish: $72Product Details:. Who it’s for: People looking for a lightweight and basic bra for daily wear. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a lot of support. The Hanes Oh-So-Light ComfortFlex Fit Wireless Bra provides lasting comfort and support all day long. It’s wireless and has a tagless design to avoid irritation, and it's made with a four-way stretch fabric that doesn’t constrict movement. It’s also completely smooth, so it won’t make any unwanted statements under T-shirts or blouses. This bra comes in three neutral colors (white, beige, and black), as well as blue, and while it’s not the most fashion-forward option out there, it does meet the basics of your wardrobe. It also goes from a size S-3X to fit a range of body types. This bra isn’t the most supportive option on the list, so while it’s good for light chores and errands, you may want to go with a different style if you’re looking for something more heavy-duty. Plus, it’s hand-wash only, which is a bit more inconvenient, but it’ll pay off to keep this affordable, everyday bra in great condition (and experts recommend hand washing bras, regardless). Price at time of publish: $17. Who it’s for: People looking for a wireless, medium-coverage bra that can work with V-neck tops. Who it isn’t for: People who want a bra that looks more like a traditional bra. The Floatley Cozy Wireless Adjustable Bra is known for its versatility and comfort, and it’s a favorite of Kimmay Caldwell, bra expert and undergarment educator: “I love that there's an adjustable back, and there's a little bit of modesty in the cup,” she says, “It has adjustable straps, too, and they're thin.” It’s made with a combination of nylon and spandex, which are two durable materials that can stand up to lots of washes. Floatley uses brushed fabric, which gives this bra an incredibly soft touch and a weightless quality, and it ditches the underwire, so you feel like you’re hardly wearing anything. While this bra doesn’t have traditional cups, it still gives shape and support from its built-in bra pads and high-recovery underband grips that move with, not against, your body. Floatley’s size options range from XS to 2XL, and this bra comes in 13 different color options in case you want to go bold or neutral. It’s also made with bonded free-cut edges that lay flat against your skin, creating a seamless look even while wearing a tight top. Price at time of publish: $35. Who it’s for: People looking for a comfortable push-up bra that’s wire-free. Who it isn’t for: People who want a bra that’s available in larger band sizes. If you want some extra oomph without the discomfort a traditional push-up bra can bring, try the Lively No-Wire Push-Up Bra. As its name suggests, it has a wireless design that gets rid of any uncomfortable digging, so you can look good and feel even better. The cups are lightly padded at the bottom to give you just the right amount of lift and shape, and the sleek fabric is discrete under different types of tops. This bra is made from nylon, which is a durable material with a great stretch, meaning that this bra will move with you instead of constricting you. It also comes with some stylish mesh details that make it breathable. The adjustable straps are convertible too, allowing you to pair this bra with your favorite racerback top. This bra comes in eight color options, including neutral and bold shades, but it’s only available in band sizes 32-38. If you’re unsure of the fit, know that Lively accepts returns within 30 days, so you can try it on before committing. Price at time of publish: $45. Who it’s for: People who want a bra with a smooth, hardware-free back. Who it isn’t for: People with smaller busts. Front closure bras are great for lots of reasons. “They’re more accessible for a lot of people, and you can also get a really smooth, clean back with no hardware,” says Caldwell. “So if you need that super clean line, or if you want a decorative back that can show in an outfit, you don't have to worry about it peeking through clothes back there.”. This bra offers all of those benefits, plus full-coverage, convertible straps and a reinforced wire channel. It’s made with nylon and spandex which means it's built to last, and it has a nice stretch to make it more comfortable to wear. This bra comes in sizes 34B-42D (and it’s also available in a Full Figure version that goes up to 44DDD), so while it’s not the best pick if you have a smaller cup or band size, it does offer plenty of support for larger busts. The full coverage design is built with a higher neckline and wide sides to prevent spillover. The straps can also be worn traditionally, crisscross, or halter, making this bra compatible with most tops in your wardrobe at a bargain price. Price at time of publish: $48. Who it’s for: People looking who want a bra that won’t slide down under strapless tops. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a strapless bra with more skin-tone or color options. Finding a strapless bra that actually stays up and supports your bust seems to be an impossible task, but the Wacoal Red Carpet Strapless Underwire Bra proves that it can be done. It uses hidden stays along the band and a silicone strip along the top and bottom of the bra to keep your bust in place and to prevent it from sliding down. It also comes with detachable straps in case you’re trying to style an off-the-shoulder or halter look. The cups on this bra are as soft and smooth as can be, and they won’t peek through your top or dress either. A structured front gore offers additional support and keeps everything separated and lifted. The fabric is made from nylon and spandex which makes this bra long-lasting, and it has a smoothing effect that minimizes bulge from a tight band. This bra comes in band sizes 30-44 and cup sizes B-I, making it a great pick for people with larger busts. However, it only comes in four neutral shades, so they don't have a wide range to choose from. But, if you aren’t looking for a bra that matches your exact skin tone, we bet this one will become your go-to for strapless outfits. Price at time of publish: $76. Who it’s for: People looking for a soft, comfortable bra that supports a larger chest. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a bra with convertible straps. The Elomi Cate Side Support Bra is designed to offer lift, support, and shape for people with fuller busts. Caldwell tells us that “they use power mesh in some of their products because they go up to a 46 band and very full cup sizes,” which ensures that this bra will hold your bust in place throughout all kinds of activities and the band will stay snug after many uses. One key feature of this bra is its four-part, double-layer underwire cups which shape your bust and provide full coverage. The cups have mesh accents and flat finish embroidery, so you can wear a cute bra without it poking through your shirt. For additional structure, it’s built with support panels that work to separate your breasts and keep them lifted. Plus, the stretchy polyester fabric feels like you’re wearing a cozy hug for all-day comfort. In terms of size, this bra ranges from a 34 to a 46 band size and U.K. cup sizes DD-K, which is equivalent to DD/E-O in U.S. sizing. It also comes in a great variety of colors, including both skin-tone shades and bolder hues. One slight disadvantage is that the straps aren’t convertible, so you may not want to pair this bra with a halter or racerback top. However, the straps are adjustable and close-set, which means they won’t slip off your shoulders during the day. Price at time of publish: $59. Who it’s for: People with smaller busts who want a well-fitting underwire bra. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a wireless bra or bralette and people who need something larger than a B cup. Say goodbye to gaping cups, uncomfortable padding, and bands that ride up, thanks to the Pepper Classic All You Bra. It’s made from remarkably soft elastane and nylon, which hugs your body like your favorite pair of leggings. It also features flattering mesh accents on the cups, which not only look cute, but provide extra lift and shaping. The super smooth fabric also means that this bra is compatible with semi-sheer t-shirts and won’t show any bra lines or texture. This bra was designed specifically with small busts in mind, so it comes in cup sizes AA-B and band sizes 30-40. The cups are lightly lined and are made to be shallower, so they sit closer to your chest, eliminating the gaping cups that occur when you try on a traditional bra. It also has a snug elastic band, so it stays in place all day, and an underwire with an optimized curve that sits just right. Pepper also offers a range of neutral hues so you can pair this bra with just about any top and rejoice that you found a bra that’s actually made for your body. Price at time of publish: $55. Who it’s for: People looking for a sleek, moisture-wicking bra that won’t show through a fitted shirt. Who it isn’t for: People who prefer an unlined bra. A good T-shirt bra should disappear under your clothes, which is exactly what the Natori Understated Bra does. Its streamlined construction leaves no trace of bra lines, even when wearing a fitted top. The smooth cups feature the perfect contour padding to give your breasts a nice, natural lift, and they’re lined with elastic to flatter both small and large busts. Luxe details like a gold engraved crest at the center gore add a sophisticated touch to this bra. The bra is made with Supplex, which is a type of nylon. Supplex is known for being moisture-wicking, which makes it great for people who sweat in their bust area, and it’s super stretchy which makes it more durable. The thin, adjustable straps are closer set, so you can wear this bra under tank tops without your straps showing. One thing to note though is that the back clasp only has a one hook closure for smaller sizes, so if your band stretches out, you can't make it tighter. This bra comes in band sizes 30-38 and cup sizes A-DDD. This versatile and flattering T-shirt bra will quickly become a staple of your wardrobe thanks to its elegant, modern design. Price at time of publish: $70. Who it’s for: People in search of a comfortable yet supportive bra for lounging. Who it isn’t for: People looking for a traditional cupped bra. For moments when you just can’t be bothered with underwires and clasps, consider the Harper Bliss Bralette. It’s like wearing your favorite T-shirt, just more supportive thanks to its proprietary band construction which gives you lift without any underwire. Caldwell tells us that she “wears it all the time,” and that “it has a nice low band, so it doesn't roll like other non-wire bras.” She also mentions that it’s “great for traveling,” so if you’re on the go, know that this bra will support you throughout the day without causing any discomfort. This bra is made from buttery soft nylon and elastane, which has a slightly compressive effect to keep everything smooth and held up. Plus, this bra has a chic V-neck cut in the front and back, perfect for pairing with a low-cut top. While this bralette doesn't have the cups of a traditional bra, it does feature a double-layer sling to add extra support for sizes large and above. Speaking of which: Harper Wilde offers this bralette in an impressive range of sizes going from XS-4X, so everyone can enjoy its comfort. Price at time of publish: $45. Who it’s for: People looking for a sleek, comfortable bra that will make their breasts appear smaller. Who it isn’t for: People with smaller busts and people who want colors other than black or beige. The Wacoal Simple Shaping Minimizer Bra was designed with larger busts in mind, providing support and comfort for cups sizes C to G. It redistributes breast tissue to reduce your bust size by up to one inch without any awkward padding. This bra uses a blend of nylon, spandex, and polyester to hold your bust in place while feeling silky smooth against the skin. It also offers thick, adjustable straps and a U-shaped back which prevents the straps from slipping. The cups on this bra are unlined, but they’re double-molded to shape and support your bust. They’re seamless too, so you don’t have to worry about them poking through a fitted shirt. However, there aren’t a lot of color options to choose from; Wacoal only offers this bra in black and beige. But, even if you’re looking for a minimizer that has a little bit more style, this one still offers great structure and lift with its sleek look. If you aren’t sure if this bra is right for you, Wacoal offers free returns within 60 days so you have plenty of time to test it out. Price at time of publish: $58. Who it’s for: People looking for a lightweight bra with lace detailing. Who it isn’t for: People who’d rather spend less on a more utilitarian bra. Caldwell says this is her favorite lace style from Chantelle, a French bra maker known for elegant, high-quality bras. The gorgeous Fleurs Demi Bra features transparent cups with an embroidered floral design and scalloped edges as well as gold hardware. It’s sexy, sophisticated, and supportive—what more could you possibly want in a bra? Beyond its look, this bra is also incredibly well-made. It has a smooth underwire to lift your bust without any poking, and it features a U-shaped back that anchors the straps to prevent slipping. The straps are adjustable too, so you can customize this bra to find your perfect fit. The band and center gore are made with semi-sheer mesh, which feels light and airy against the skin for ultimate comfort. This bra comes in sizes 32B to 36G/38DD. Since it’s on the pricier side, you may be worried about getting the wrong size, but know that Chantelle allows free returns within 60 days of delivery, so you can try out this bra risk-free. Plus, since Chantelle uses only the highest quality materials, you know this one will last a while with proper care, making it a worthy undergarment to splurge on. Price at time of publish: $108. Our top pick is the ThirdLove 24/7 Classic T-Shirt Bra because of its soft fabric, seamless appearance, and foam-molded cups that fit you just right. We’re also a big fan of its impressive size range that includes half-cup sizes, allowing everyone to find a comfortable bra that fits just right. If you’re shopping on a budget, we recommend the Hanes Oh-So-Light ComfortFlex Fit Wireless Bra for its wide range of sizes and four-way stretch fabric that allows you to move freely. There are lots of different bra styles available, including T-shirt, wireless, balconette, and push-up, just to name a few. Each style has its own benefits and uses, so it’s helpful to think about what you’re looking for before going bra shopping. For instance, if you want something supportive yet comfortable enough for everyday use, a wireless bra will be your best bet. If you’re looking for something that accentuates your cleavage, a push-up bra is the way to go. If you want something that won’t poke through a tight top, Caldwell recommends a classic T-shirt bra: “A T-shirt bra is typically just anything that's smooth. It looks nice and clean underneath your clothes,” she says. But if you want to show off your cleavage, Caldwell suggests looking at a demi bra, which has a straight-across cup. You could also consider a plunge bra, “which is really great for plunging necklines, or someone who wants to also create a little extra cleavage.” Another style to consider is a balconette bra. While it may look similar to a demi bra, “a balconette bra is almost like a sweetheart neckline, so it might come up a little bit higher on the side and then sort of stick down towards the center gore,” Caldwell explains. “It has that sort of across-the-breast shape, but it's not truly straight across,” as a demi bra would be. If you’re looking for a convertible bra, there are tons of options to choose from. “The most convertible of them all is the strapless bra because you can wear it without straps or as a halter with one strap,” Caldwell says. “You can do one shoulder, you can do criss-cross in the back for racerback, all different things. You can really decide where those straps go in the back to match your particular outfit.” While other types of convertible bras “have a plunge front or more of a sweetheart shape,” a strapless bra is “typically more straight across in the front,” says Caldwell. Other types of convertible bras that Caldwell likes are styles that let you criss cross the straps or come with a J-hook “so you can just lengthen your straps and then hook that together, which is pretty neat.”. As for the style of your bra closure, you’ll find that most will have a clasp in the back with three or four hooks. However, if you have mobility issues or just dislike back clasps, a front closure bra is ideal. “You can put your bra on almost like a little jacket and then hook it in the front, so it’s more accessible for a lot of people,” says Caldwell. However, front closure bras aren’t the best choice for all breasts. “Some folks are very close-set in the middle, and so getting a bra to tack in between can be tricky unless there's a really high center gore, meaning there’s a lot of material from the top to the bottom of the middle of the front of the bra,” Caldwell explains. “Typically a front closure bra is pretty small in the front. If you need extra separation there, and your bra just has that one little clasp at the bottom, it just seems like a lot of boob in the middle of the body for some folks.” Furthermore, front closure bras “don't typically get the additional hooks and eyes like back clasps, so once it stretches out, it stretches out and you can't adjust it anymore,” Caldwell says, so you may have to replace it more frequently. But, it’s definitely worth it if you struggle to put on back clasp bras. It’s important to make sure your bra feels nice and supportive for your size and breast shape before committing to your purchase. Caldwell says to look for a bra with a band that feels snug to your body. But since bras are made out of elastic, they will stretch out over time. According to Caldwell, “it's ideal if you can start with it sitting nice and snug on the loosest hook, because that way as it stretches and starts to ride up, you can move it in.”. However, if you’re pregnant, on medication, or experiencing other changes with your body, Caldwell has different advice for your band fit. “Your body will be expanding, so I usually suggest putting it on the middle hook,” she advises. “That way, if your body expands, you can push it out, and if it stretches the bra strap so that you can move it in.”. There are a few ways to check the fit of your band to make sure it’s the right size for you. For starters, you should hook the band at the outermost hook and make sure it’s parallel to the ground. Then slide a finger underneath it to test it. If you’re able to fit more than one finger, the band is too loose, and if you can’t fit a finger at all, it’s too tight. When it comes to bra cups, Caldwell tells us that “a foam molded cup is really popular now.” She elaborates that “foam molding has built-in nipple coverage, but it doesn't always fit everybody's bust best.” If you aren’t a fan of foam molded cups, a stretch lace cut-and-sew bra might be a better option. “A stretch lace cut-and-sew bra is cut and sewn together, which means it has seams and sometimes offers the best support—it's like those seams are supports on a bridge. They really give a natural lift and awesome shape.”. Beyond foam molded and cut-and-sew cups, you may also see cups with spacer 3D molding. “That's actually a knit, but it looks like a foam molded cup, so you can kind of blow air through it. And it's a little squishy and way more flexible.” Caldwell explains. “Breasts are sometimes sisters and not twins, so if you need something that has a little bit more flexibility in it, either a stretch cup, a cut-and-sew cup, a 3D spacer or molded cup, or anything that has a little bit more flexibility is better for those busts.”. To check the cup size, put on a tight T-shirt over your bra. If you notice any puckering or bulging, you need a bigger size. Also, be sure to turn to the side and check the alignment of your breasts. They should sit halfway between your shoulders and elbows, and if not, you need something more supportive. Just as there are lots of different bra styles, you’ll find that there are lots of different materials that are found in bras too. Most bras are made with an elastic band and foam cups with a lining made out of nylon, cotton, lace, or elastane (aka spandex). Nylon is a smooth, durable fabric that feels comfortable against the skin, making it a good choice for bras. It has a slight stretch and moisture-wicking properties to keep you cool. Cotton is another popular option, particularly for the interior lining of a bra because it feels remarkably soft. Elastane is what gives bras their stretch, which is an important factor given that breast size can change with your menstrual cycle, and you don’t want to be any more uncomfortable during that time of the month. Lastly, lace bras offer more style and elegance, but keep in mind that the texture may poke through a T-shirt. If lace irritates your skin, Caldwell advises that you wash it before you wear it. “I get really red when I put on some lace, and it's because they sometimes put starch in that bra cup to make it look really crisp and to keep its shape. But don't be afraid of lace bras,” she urges. Keep in mind that the type of material your bra has will impact its longevity. “If your bra is made out of stretch mesh that is really delicate and stretchy, or a really stretchy jersey material, that will stretch out faster than if you make something that's made out of power mesh or one that's lined,” says Caldwell. Even after measuring your size, sometimes a bra just doesn’t fit quite right. That’s why it’s a good idea to look at a brand’s return policy before buying from them, just in case you need to send it back. Most bra brands offer a return policy that’s at least 30 days, so you can take some time to decide if the fit is right for you. When shopping online for bras, “brands know you’re not getting fit by someone and you're kind of guessing, so they're saying ‘please try it on and then send back what doesn't work,’” says Caldwell. If you go to a bra boutique, Caldwell warns that they may have stricter return policies, but they also have an expert who's helping you determine the exact right bra for you. While you can measure your bra size at home, Caldwell suggests going to a professional or a local bra boutique with a wide range of sizes for your fitting needs. “Not only will they measure you, but they will also then be able to help you decide which styles and which sizes in each bra are going to fit,” she says. To measure yourself at home, Caldwell says to start by finding your band size. Take a tape measure and wrap it underneath your under bust, then take a deep breath in and a deep breath out. “Breathe like a normal human—you don't need to hike anything up or puff anything out,” says Caldwell. It’s also important to make sure that the measuring tape is parallel to the floor and snug against your body while you measure. Take the measurement you have and round it up to the closest inch, and then the closest even number to get your band size. “For example, if you measured 29 inches, you can round up to 30 as your starting band size,” says Caldwell. Next, find your bust measurement. To do so, Caldwell says to wrap the measuring tape around the fullest part of your bust, and take a deep breath in and out: “This time you just want it to kiss your bust—you don't need it to squeeze in at all.” Once you get that number, subtract it from your band size (the 30 from the previous example) to find your cup size. “One inch equals every letter, so you’ll be A, B, C, D, or E, and in US sizing, an E is a DD.” If, for example, your bust measurement is 35 inches, you’d subtract it from 30 and get 5, which means that your bra size is 30E or 30DD. “Then you find your sister size, which is one band size up one cup size down,” Caldwell explains—in this example, it would be a 32D. “Those are the two sizes that you would start with when trying on bras,” she says, and comparing them is useful when trying to find a bra with the best fit. When it comes to measuring yourself, Caldwell recommends having a bra on. “It's still usually a better indication of your volume than if you were to just let your bust hang, especially if you are a very full busted person, an elderly person, or nursing.” Though, you want to avoid wearing a minimizer or push-up bra so you can get the best fit. Additionally, it’s important to note that bra sizes can vary by retailer, so it’s good practice to reference their size chart before purchasing to ensure your bra will fit. While this answer will depend on your daily routine and preferences, 7-10 bras will do the trick for most people, according to Caldwell. “I usually suggest that folks start with the two or three basics and just compare those, and then start adding in those other categories one by one,” she says. “Seven to 10 bras is a big investment, so just add them in little by little. You can go off in all sorts of different directions: pretty bras, stick-on bras, etc., but start with the basics.”. Six months to a year tends to be the average lifespan for a bra, but the longevity of your bra will depend on a lot of different factors. “If you’re someone like me who has hundreds of bras, they’re going to last a lot longer than somebody who has only a couple,” Caldwell explains. “The other thing to think about is also how much work is your bra doing. If you are wearing a size 32A, which is quite petite, your bras aren’t working as hard as if you are wearing a 32H.”. Since fuller-busted people have more weight on their chest, it causes the band to stretch out faster, which means that “unfortunately, fuller-busted folks have to buy bras more often,” says Caldwell. The last factor to consider is how well-made your bra is. “If you're buying a really cheap bra that uses super stretchy elastic and doesn't have any kind of structure to it, that is probably going to stretch out really fast as opposed to something that's made with firmer or more durable materials,” says Caldwell. To increase the longevity of your bras, Caldwell suggests that you hand wash and air dry your bras. A good bra should last between six to 12 months, given that you’re taking proper care of it. If you notice changes in how the band, straps, or cups fit, or if you see little elastic “hairs” appear on the surface of your bra, that means you’re due for a new one. This article was written by Jen Woo, a freelance design, lifestyle, and culture writer and content strategist with over 10 years of experience. To write this article, she thoroughly researched bras and considered factors like size, style and fit, materials, and return policy to make her final picks. For top-tier insight on shopping for bras, Jen spoke to Kimmay Caldwell, bra expert and undergarment educator. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. We’ve reviewed this guide and stand by our picks. We’ve also added new frequently asked questions. Sign up for Wirecutter's newsletters to get independent reviews, expert advice, and the very best deals sent straight to your inbox. We could all use a little extra support these days. Whether you’re shopping for your first bra or looking to replace some lackluster staples, this is a good place to start. We think any bra you put on your body should be comfortable and well constructed. And it should make you feel beautiful. To find some of the best bras, we spent 23 hours researching bras and talking with industry experts about what makes a great one. Then we enlisted a panel of four testers of different sizes who spent countless hours wearing 43 models from 19 brands—pitting industry titans against fledgling startups. We’re confident that our 10 final recommendations will suit a slew of moods, bodies, and style preferences. We tested styles that we know have been popular and available for years and will stick around in the future. We preferred bras that come in (at least) sizes A to DDD with a 32- to 40-inch band and at least two shades of nude. We considered bras with a wide variety of cup styles and materials that would look flattering on a multitude of bodies. We preferred bras that could be returned or exchanged for free and within 14 days (ideally longer) to ensure a perfect fit. Most of our picks are available in a wide range of colors (including multiple shades of nude) and sizes, and you can find even more options to fit a variety of body types and styles in Other good bras. To help you find what works for you, we also offer advice on what makes a great bra, how to measure bra size, and how to care for your bra. Sarah Witman has been a science journalist for more than seven years, and since joining Wirecutter in 2017, she’s written about lap desks, pencils, scented candles, and more. In her personal life, she’s always had a soft spot for things that excel in both form and function. During the course of researching and writing this guide, she gained a new appreciation for the humble bra—which, when executed well, is really a finely tuned piece of design and engineering. Zoe Vanderweide is Wirecutter’s staff writer covering apparel and accessories. So when she’s not seeking out the best T-shirts, backpacks, and underwear, she’s discovering ways for you to get the most out of your sartorial purchases. She’s been wearing bras for an astonishing (to her) quarter-century, and she knows that the struggle is real. To write this guide, we interviewed Cora Harrington, author of In Intimate Detail: How to Choose, Wear, and Love Lingerie and founder of the blog The Lingerie Addict (which recently ceased publication); Jaclyn Fredenburg, an instructor at New York City’s Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) who specializes in corsets and other undergarments; Dr. Andrea Madrigrano, a breast surgeon at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago; and Holly Powell, owner of The Pencil Test, a lingerie store in Portland, Oregon. We also spoke with Doug Farmer, a retired end-use research fellow at The Lycra Company; Majid Sarmadi, PhD, a professor at the University of Wisconsin School of Human Ecology; and Colleen Hill, a museum curator at FIT and author of Exposed: A History of Lingerie, for additional background and context. Because no two boobs are alike (even on your own body), we recruited a panel of Wirecutter staffers who wear different sizes to test the contenders. Our testers wear a 34A, a 36D, a 42D, and a 34F. Over the course of six months, we spent countless hours adjusting straps, hooking and unhooking bands, and scooping and swooping our boobs into bra cups. Although I typically shed my bra around dinnertime, I’ve found that a good one can make me feel beautiful, comfortable, and confident. Like many people, I wear a bra primarily for support. FIT instructor Jaclyn Fredenburg says a bra can help with posture, back pain, and even breathing, by lifting and more evenly distributing breast tissue. “For large-busted women, the right bra will help get the weight of the breast tissue off of the rib cage,” she said. Dr. Andrea Madrigrano also noted these potential benefits, adding that bras help prevent sweat from accumulating beneath the bust, which can cause rashes or sores. Even if you don’t need much support, a bra can accentuate your curves, make your breasts pleasantly perky, and provide nipple coverage under thin or sheer fabrics. If you’re a tween or teen buying your first bra, we have several recommendations for soft, stretchy bralettes, which may be more comfortable for developing chests. But we especially prioritized comfort during testing, so many of our picks would be good options for beginners to try. If you’ve noticed suddenly that your current bra is less supportive than it used to be, or that your size has changed, it’s probably time for a new one, said The Lingerie Addict’s Cora Harrington. Or maybe you need to treat yourself, for the sake of your mental health. “If your bra is looking dingy, faded, discolored, or tarnished, you might want to invest in another,” Harrington said. “I think the undergarments we wear can have an effect on how we feel.”. To narrow the scope of this huge category, we didn’t consider any strapless, convertible, adhesive, maternity, or sleep bras in our testing. We have separate guides to the best sports bras, nursing bras, and pumping bras. For binders, Reviewed, Bustle, and The Lingerie Addict offer some good suggestions, and we recommend checking out these options for trans-friendly or gender-neutral bras, limited-mobility adaptive bras, or mastectomy bras. This versatile, cute, comfy bra has removable padding, so it’s great for daily wear. But it can also transform to provide a subtle push-up for special occasions. It comes in a wider range of sizes than our other picks, including half-sizes, but there are only two colors. Who this is for: The ThirdLove 24/7 Classic Uplift Plunge Bra fit our 34A, 36D, and 34F testers equally well, and they rated it 4, 5, and 5 (out of 5), respectively. With the optional pads, it gives boobs a subtle push-up. Without the pads, it conforms nicely to the breast without gaping. Our 34F tester mentioned that this cut can sometimes give a “double bubble” bulge at the top of the cup, but they didn’t have that trouble with this bra. How it feels: Effortless and sophisticated. The lightly lined inner cups are soft and mold to the skin, and the mesh overlay adds extra polish and prevents spillage. Why we love it: We loved every bra we tested from ThirdLove, especially the extra-versatile 24/7 Classic Uplift Plunge Bra. It offers more lift than the Perfect Coverage or Classic T-shirt bras we wore, yet it’s just as comfortable for everyday wear—especially if you pull the subtle egg-shaped pads out of the cups. The straps and underwire band are silky-soft, supple, and supportive, and they’re both adjustable. The molded cups are made of a lightweight, cushiony material, and they’re covered with a fine-mesh overlay that helps prevent minor gaping or spillage. Like the other ThirdLove bras we tested, the Classic Uplift feels well made and durable. In addition to the mesh overlay, which reveals a hint of skin above the cups, the deep-V neckline gives this bra a refined, sophisticated, and modern look. One of our testers, who typically wears a 34A, noted that she loved the “taller, more angular cups” on this bra, and she said she felt sexy and comfy wearing it. Our size 34F tester also gave this one a perfect score. Many startups can offer only limited size ranges due to economies of scale, but ThirdLove bras have cup sizes from AA to H and a 32- to 44-inch band. This impressive range is comparable to those of larger, much-more-established brands, such as Cacique, Soma, and Wacoal. ThirdLove is also the only brand we tested that offers half-cup sizes. (Though, be warned: No matter how many incremental size options are available, you still may have to try on a few different sizes to get a perfect fit.). Flaws but not dealbreakers: This bra comes in only two colors, including just one shade of nude (which is disappointing given that the ThirdLove pick blows most of our other picks out of the water in terms of size options). Sizes: AA to H cup (including half-sizes), 32- to 44-inch bandColors: black, taupe, tealReturn policy: 60 days, free return shipping. This pull-on bra offers the shaping and definition of a more structured bra but feels more like a bralette. Without an underwire, hooks, or visible seams, it lies flat and doesn’t show under form-fitting clothing. It tops out at a 40-inch band, however. Who this is for: The Aerie Real Sunnie Wireless Lightly Lined Bra isn’t as supportive as some of our other picks, so it might not work as well for people who have heavier boobs. Our tester who wears a 34A loved the fit and scored it 5 out of 5. But our 36D tester needed more support (and, call her old-fashioned, more opacity, too), and she rated it a 2. The molded cups add nice shape to smaller busts, especially compared with some bralettes that can flatten breast tissue. How it feels: An easy base for more than just T-shirts, this bra is as soft and supple as they come. The body doesn’t have any clasps, and it feels as stretchy as a bralette. The lightly lined cups are more structured, with a softly defined shape. Why we love it: There’s no one definition of a T-shirt bra, but for us, the Real Sunnie is the ideal: a smooth, seamless bra that won’t show through tight or thin clothes. This bra is unlike any other we tested. The pull-on design offers the comfort and ease of a bralette, but the lined, molded cups add extra support, structure, and nipple coverage, like a more traditional bra. In many ways, this bra is the best of both worlds. The Real Sunnie’s clean, elegant, simple lines give it a modern look that flatters many body types, and it’s also one of the most budget-friendly bras we recommend. The wireless Real Sunnie felt super lightweight, and the cups and straps were nearly invisible beneath even our thinnest T-shirts. Though the bra does have seams, they’re mostly hidden on the inside. The neckline plunges dramatically (good for low-cut tops) while still offering nipple and side-boob coverage, and the straps are adjustable. Another reason we love this pick is for Aerie’s generous return policy for bras and bralettes. If you’re not happy with your purchase, there’s no time limit on returns and exchanges. With a receipt, you can get a refund. But even without one, you can still exchange or receive store credit at the same price. A garment without a tag can be returned as well. At the time of this writing, this bra comes in four different colors, including only one shade of nude. There’s also a lace version that comes in four colors, if you prefer a more traditional style. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The sizing on this bra is fairly limited compared with that of some of our other picks. Also, the material (nylon-elastane) doesn’t feel as luxurious as that of other bras we tested. And even though the stretchy band and straps are very soft, the molded cups are rather rigid. Because of the pull-on style, you won’t have to fidget with a clasp, but a size-adjustable band would have provided a more-precise fit. Sizes: AA to DDD cup, 30- to 40-inch bandColors: light gray, black, light brown, light pinkReturn policy: unlimited, free returns for bras and bralettes. This bra is so lightweight that you’ll forget you’re wearing it, yet its underwire band and wide straps provide plenty of support. However, its silky material is susceptible to sweat stains. Who this is for: If you like a natural, padding-free look but still need support, try the Cuup Scoop Bra. All of our testers, wearing various sizes, found something to like about it. This bra offers more coverage than a bralette, and those who wore smaller sizes liked the lightweight feel—our 34A tester rated it a 5 out of 5. Our 34F tester loved the extra supportive underwire and wide straps, and rated it a 4. How it feels: Silky, luxurious, and minimalist. But, unlike many simple bras that don’t provide good support, this bra really delivers. Why we love it: If you hate most underwire bras because they dig into your skin, try the Cuup Scoop Bra. It’s quite supportive, even for those with large busts, but it’s so lightweight that it almost feels like you’re wearing nothing at all. I find that the cut and the silky fabric make this bra feel more like an extra-supportive bralette. And it seems like you could dance in the Cuup Scoop Bra without experiencing too much bounce, thanks to the underwire band and wide straps, both of which are adjustable. The scoop neck is subtle and elegant-looking, adding plenty of coverage without being stifling. Most of the stitching on this bra is hidden on the underside, creating a seamless and shapely silhouette. The Cuup Scoop Bra’s wide, thin straps were also smoother on the tops of our shoulders than most we wore, which is handy under tank tops or thin blouses. Our testers didn’t find any loose threads or uneven stitching. And though its material is thin, the Cuup Scoop Bra retained its shape and didn’t stretch out throughout the day (which unlined bras tend to do). This bra is available in a wide variety of colors (including several nude options), and the range of cup sizes is impressive—all the way up to an H cup. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The main drawback with this bra is that the silky fabric easily succumbs to sweat and other stains—we noticed some spots developing after just a few wears. Sizes: A to H cup, 30- to 44-inch bandColors: light peach, light brown, medium brown, dark brown, black and clay, plus a selection of limited-edition colorsReturn policy: 30 days, free return shipping. This sturdy yet buttery-soft bra will support your breasts through whatever the day throws at you. It’s comfortable, elegant-looking, and flattering on a wide variety of body types. It’s also one of our least expensive picks. But if you have extra-sensitive skin, you might find the hook-and-eye a bit itchy. *At the time of publishing, the price was $40. Who this is for: The full-coverage Harper Wilde Base Bra has deep cups that are especially well suited to larger breasts. Our testers who wear sizes 42D and 34F gave it 5 and 4 (out of 5), respectively. This bra worked well for smaller sizes, too. Our 34A tester found it to be a good choice for days when she wanted more coverage than skimpier bras provide, and she also rated it a 5. How it feels: When you need all the support you can get, wearing this bra feels like curling up in a favorite armchair. Its pillowy-soft cups hold you in, and the band lies perfectly flat, so it never digs into your skin. Why we love it: This bra might look simple and straightforward, but it has a few tricks up its sleeve that make it a pleasure to wear all day and during an array of activities. Our testers especially liked its no-nonsense, sturdy construction and smart, stylish details. Not only that, but it’s a bargain: Costing $40 at the time of this writing, it’s one of our least-expensive picks. My favorite part about this bra is that the strap-adjustment sliders are in front, so you can easily move them up and down without having to reach behind your back (a seemingly no-brainer detail that most bras lack). It also has a small hook on the back to easily switch the straps into a racerback design, for extra support or to keep the straps from sliding down your shoulders. The Harper Wilde Base Bra has a supportive underwire and a sleek, stretchy, adjustable band. The lightly lined, molded cups are pillowy-soft, gently cradling breasts and creating a smooth silhouette beneath shirts or dresses. We also appreciated the extra-stylish touches on this bra. The gore (the part on a bra that joins the two cups together) has a unique, criss-cross detail that adds some interest compared with similar, no-frills bras we tried. And though the Base is definitely a full-coverage bra (no chance of nip-slipping here), the deep neckline and wide-set straps work well under skimpier tops and allow for some airflow. The Base comes in an impressive range of sizes and seven color options (three are limited edition). Flaws but not dealbreakers: One of our testers noted that the square of material holding the size-adjustment hooks on the band was painfully stiff and scratchy. It’s a small area, but if you have especially sensitive skin, you might prefer another one of our picks. Sizes: A to F cup, 32- to 42-inch bandColors: beige, tan, brown, black, plus a selection of limited-edition colorsReturn policy: 90 days, free return shipping. This exquisite bra is wrapped in fine Leavers lace (one of the most expensive types of lace to manufacture). It has a kitten-soft velveteen lining, and it’s as supportive as it is beautiful. It comes in fewer band sizes than most of our other picks, but it goes from an A to a G cup. Who this is for: If you want a sexy bra that offers more coverage and support without sacrificing style, choose the Journelle Anais Plunge Bra. It was universally beloved by our testers. It had enough lift for larger breasts—sizes go up to a 36G—and plenty of sex appeal for everyone. The three people who tested it (sizes 34A, 36D, and 34F) gave it perfect overall scores of 5 out of 5. How it feels: Like a dose of luxury for your lingerie drawer. It’s beautifully made, soft, supportive, and sensual. Why we love it: I used to think of lace as stuffy or scratchy, but that was before I tried this bra. It’s sexy and surprisingly comfortable, and though it’s pricier than our other picks, we think it’s worth splurging on for a special occasion or to treat yourself. The lace—delicate flowers laid over a fine honeycomb netting—looks refined and creates an elegant transition from cup to skin at the neckline. The lace sprawls across the fine-mesh band, extending all the way to the hooks in the back, ensuring a glamorous look from all angles. Sexy bras can be torturous to wear, but the Anais was a pleasant surprise. Every part of the bra that touches your skin—the straps, band, and inside the cups—has a velvety-smooth lining. This bra has the perfect amount of stretch, too, making it easy to move around in. The underwire band provides lots of support and doesn’t poke or scrape. The straps can be adjusted with a slider, and the band is the most customizable one we found (it has four rows of hooks, while most bras we tested offer only three or none at all). It’s also available in a wide range of cup sizes, up to a G. Flaws but not dealbreakers: Aside from its hefty price tag and short return window (a measly two weeks!), this bra’s main drawback is that it comes in a limited range of band sizes. Also, it’s available in only three colors, none of them nude. That’s perhaps less of an issue with a lacy bra, however, since it won’t totally blend in with skin anyway—this bra is meant to be noticed. Sizes: A to G cup, 30- to 36-inch bandColors: white, light pink, blackReturn policy: 14 days, free return shipping. This wire-free push-up bra won’t give you quite as much lift as some others we tested, but it’ll highlight your curves without feeling like a corset. Plus, the padded cups are pillow-soft. Who this is for: Although True & Co. says its True Body Wirefree Push Up Bra is particularly well suited for DD+ cups, our testers of all sizes enjoyed wearing it for a push-up look. The sturdy construction gave support and lift to our testers who wear sizes 36D and 34F, who rated it 3 and 4 (out of 5), respectively. It even managed to give cleavage to our 34A tester, who gave it a 4. We didn’t miss the extra oomph of an underwire (this one is wire-free), but if you want a more dramatic push-up, look elsewhere. This one offers a subtle look. How it feels: A great option if you just want a little boost, this push-up bra is plush and not at all constricting. The spongy, padded cups mold nicely to the skin, and the under-boob seams hold up breasts but don’t constrict your ribs. Why we love it: If the phrase “push-up bra” makes you think of smushed, uncomfortably constricted cleavage (but you’d still like to get some of that pushed-up effect), you should give this bra a try. It’s made of a silky-smooth material that conforms seamlessly to your body’s curves. And the curvy design and pillowy-soft cups create an accentuated but natural-looking silhouette. The True Body feels sturdily made—we didn’t detect any flimsy seams or other imperfections in the construction. The material feels smooth and delicate yet durable, like it’ll hold up to significant wear. The cups have elegant, curvaceous lines that dip low in the front to accommodate plunging necklines. They’re lightly filled with a soft layer of foam padding that’s concentrated toward the bottom to provide more lift. Some push-up bras we tried felt stiff and overly stuffed, whereas the True Body’s cups were soft and flexible (though they’re thicker than those of most other bras we recommend—it is a push-up bra, after all). Its band is well proportioned and supportive, despite having no underwire. The band and straps are both adjustable, and the straps can also be positioned as a cross-back, so it’ll work with more types of tops. Testers of all sizes, from A to F cups, thought it was the most comfortable push-up bra they tried (though the Classic Uplift we also recommend gives this one a run for its money). Flaws but not dealbreakers: We’d like to see more size and color options with this bra. And, though we like the subtle amount of extra oomph this bra provides, some people may prefer a bit more lift. Sizes: A to DDD cup, 32- to 40-inch bandColors: black, light brown, gray, pink, beige, tanReturn policy: 30 days, free return shipping. This pull-on, wire-free bralette is made for relaxing. It’s constructed of smooth, pleasantly stretchy material that gently hugs the skin and offers medium support. With a plunging neckline and a low back, it works with low-cut tops but still offers plenty of coverage. Who this is for: The Harper Wilde Bliss Bra provides plenty of coverage, so it worked well for testers of all cup sizes. However, it’s stretchy—rather than structured—and doesn’t have an underwire, so we wouldn’t recommend it for everyday wear if you have very heavy boobs. It’s less constricting than a sports bra, and the curvy seaming is flattering and helps prevent uniboob (but it does flatten breasts a bit). This bra is not the one to choose if you want to define and separate. Our testers who wear sizes 34A, 36D, 42D, and 34F all raved about this bra, giving it overall scores of 5, 5, 5, and 4 (out of 5), respectively. How it feels: Super-soft, stretchy, and comfortable. This bra hugs curves and offers light lift. Why we love it: The Bliss is great for lounging or even sleeping, but it’s still supportive enough to wear out and about. The fabric feels like a second skin, conforming to a variety of breast shapes and sizes. It’s the definition of comfort and ease. One tester, who wears a 36D, wrote, “The material feels a step above the rest. Classy-looking and comfortable. Big fan!”. We loved the elegant cut of the Bliss, especially compared with some of the other full-coverage bralettes we tried that had less-flattering shapes. This pull-on-style bra doesn’t have any finicky hardware, and the under-bust seam gracefully provides lift and shaping. It has clean lines and a plunging neckline and back, making this bra easier to wear under a low-cut shirt or dress than other lounge-style bras we tested. We appreciate that the Bliss comes in three shades of nude as well as black, so most people can find a shade to match their skin tone. The Bliss is a well-made garment, with straight, even stitching that looks practically new, even after multiple wears and washes. The seams around the arm holes, neckline, and band lie flat and blend in fluidly with the rest of the bra, making them barely visible through a shirt. The wide band gives you lots of support, but it’s stretchy enough that it doesn’t feel stiff or restraining. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The Bliss isn’t available in as many sizes as some bras we found, and its band and straps aren’t adjustable. It may be harder to fine-tune this bra’s fit, and once the bra stretches out, you won’t be able to tighten things up (but that’s true of most bralettes we tested). Sizes: XS to 4XL (A to H cup, 30- to 46-inch band)Colors: beige, tan, brown, black, plus a selection of limited-edition colorsReturn policy: 90 days, free return shipping. This comfy wireless bra comes in larger sizes than any other bralette we tested, but sizes start at a 34C. You can adjust the band and straps for a customizable fit (unlike many other bralettes we found). It’s more structured than our other bralette recommendations, so you may notice the pronounced seams under tighter clothing. Who this is for: The Soma Embraceable Full Coverage Wireless Unlined Bra is ideal for people with larger breasts—it’s a little more structured and has a sturdy band, so it offers more support than others we recommend. If your size tends to fluctuate, this is also a good choice (if you want a bralette) because the band and straps are adjustable. Our 36D, 42D, and 34F testers gave it overall scores of 3, 4, and 5 (out of 5), respectively. How it feels: An around-the-house mainstay, this bra is soft, sturdily constructed, and more supportive than most bralettes we tried. Why we love it: This bralette is our choice for working from home or running a few errands, providing even more support than our other bralette picks (and about as much as most underwire bras). The Embraceable bralette offers more coverage and a wider size range than most of our other picks, too; it is an easy everyday bra that may work better for people with fuller chests, since it sizes up to an H cup. Some full-coverage bras we tried tended to have fussy details like lace or bows, but the Embraceable has a beautifully streamlined, simpler silhouette. The neckline plunges into a deep V, leading to a wide seam on the front that provides a bit of extra separation between the breasts. The cups are unlined, though fully opaque, and a thin layer of fabric sewn into the outer corners of the cups adds some side-boob shaping. The Embraceable is as comfortable as any of our bralette picks—which is to say, very comfortable. And the 1-inch band provides plenty of support, even for large breasts. Most bralettes aren’t adjustable, but the Embraceable has three rows of hooks on the band and sliders on the straps. It’s available in a C to an H cup, with a 34- to 44-inch band (a wider range than most of our picks have). The breathable nylon-spandex material feels like a soft microsuede—similar to what I imagine the velvety fur on a horse’s muzzle feels like. This bralette is also sturdy, and we didn’t find any loose stitches or fabric snags during testing. Flaws but not dealbreakers: The seams on this bra are bulkier than those on some of our other picks, and they may be visible under a thin shirt or dress (since the cups are unlined, you might want to avoid wearing this bra with see-through clothes anyway). Also, we’d like to see some more out-there color options. Sizes: C to H cup, 34- to 44-inch bandColors: light brown, medium brown, mauve, blackReturn policy: 60 days, free return shipping. This sexy-yet-understated wire-free bra is made of a fine, nipple-baring mesh that’s soft and stretchy. It has an adjustable band and straps to fine-tune fit, which many bralettes don’t offer, but it provides only light support. Who this is for: The comfy, minimalist Negative Sieve Non-Wire Bra doesn’t offer much support for large boobs, but if you’re not looking for major hold, it does go up to a G cup. This bra offers light lift: It makes small breasts look perky, and the V-shaped cut helps define and separate, even though it doesn’t have much structure. Our tester who wears a 34A loved the fit and scored it 5 out of 5. But our tester who wears a 36D needed more support and gave it a 2. How it feels: This sultry take on a lounge bra is breathable and lightweight, and it offers minimal support. Why we love it: This bra is a great option for people who don’t need a ton of support but don’t want to ditch bras altogether. It’s sexy and modern-looking, and its ribbonlike straps and thin band offer just a smidge more lift than going braless. The Sieve is unstructured and unlined—it’s constructed with a layer of fine mesh that shows a hint of nipple. The fabric is durable but delicate, slightly stretchy, and quite comfortable against the skin. It’s cut in a gentle, V-shaped scoop neck, and it offers light to medium coverage—the Sieve shows a bit more skin than the other bralettes we recommend. The seams around the arms, band, and neckline are cleanly stitched and lie nice and flat, and the thin straps are made of a sturdy, silky fabric. One tester said the Sieve reminded her of the barely-there ballet bras she used to wear as a dancer. Both the band and the straps are adjustable, so you get a more customizable fit than with some other bralettes we tested. Flaws but not dealbreakers: This bra might be too flimsy for some—one of our testers, who normally wears a size 36D, reported that it left her feeling “saggy.” Negative sizes its bras from 0 to 5, in place of letter cup sizes and numbered band sizes, so you’ll need to cross-reference its size chart to find your fit. Sizes: 0 to 5 (A to DD cup, 30- to 42-inch band) and plus sizes (DDD to G cup, 30- to 40-inch band)Colors: black, light brown, peach, slate blue, “graphite,” navy blue, white, plus a selection of limited-edition colorsReturn policy: 30 days, $5 return shipping/restocking fee. This bra has clean, classic lines and feels silky against the skin. It effectively flattens a full bust (which is the main point of a minimizer), but feels more restrictive. It comes in more colors and patterns than any of our other picks. *At the time of publishing, the price was $23. Who this is for: The Bali Passion For Comfort Minimizer Bra is best for people with large breasts who are looking to minimize (rather than accentuate) their size—it’s not offered below a C cup. It provides a lot of hold, but it is still soft against the skin and relatively comfortable, compared with other minimizers we tried. Our testers, who wear sizes 36D, 42D, and 34F, gave it overall scores of 3, 3, and 4 (out of 5), respectively. How it feels: This super-supportive, structured bra helps smooth the silhouette of a full bust. Why we love it: This bra has clean, classic lines and is made of a sleek, lustrous fabric. Like the name suggests, it minimizes the appearance of large breasts by redistributing the breast tissue, rather than emphasizing your cleavage. Overall, our testers didn’t love wearing minimizers. And at sizes 36D, 42D, and 34F, they don’t always want that look. But of the ones we tried, this minimizer was by far the most comfortable and elegant. It’s also one of the least expensive of our picks. The Bali has an underwire and extra-wide straps, which provide lots of support. It’s sturdily constructed with strong, strategically placed seams to hold breasts firmly in place. The scoop-neck design allows you to wear it under most tops, and the under-bust seam is hidden inside the cups to help it stay smooth and less visible through a shirt. The band and straps adjust, and this bra is available in a wide range of band sizes. It starts at a C cup, which makes sense given that people with smaller breasts probably don’t need to minimize. The unpadded cups are made of a breathable, nylon/spandex blend, and the straps and band are both pleasantly stretchy. This bra comes in numerous colors and patterns (ranging from a dozen or more options—the most of any of our picks). And, though it’s understated, there’s a touch of lace detailing on the straps and gore. Flaws but not dealbreakers: This bra had the lowest average score (3 out of 5) of any of our picks—the three testers who tried it gave it so-so scores. We don’t think that’s necessarily the fault of this bra—rather, we just found all the minimizer bras we tested to be more restrictive and a tad old-fashioned-looking compared with our other picks. It’s also worth noting that our minimizer bra testers don’t regularly wear them in their daily lives. But if a minimizer bra is what you’re after, this is the one to get. It excels at its main purpose—to minimize the appearance of a full bust—while retaining most of the comfort and elegance of less-structured bras. Sizes: C to G cup, 32- to 44-inch bandColors: over a dozen (including black and six nude shades), with various patterns and lace detailsReturn policy: 30-day free return at Walmart; 120 days (60 days for full refund; 60 to 120 days for a voucher to pick out a new item) at Bare Necessities. There’s a mind-boggling number of bra options out there. We couldn’t possibly test them all (though, trust us, it’s not for lack of trying—we considered hundreds of bras from 56 companies). To write this guide, we talked with seven experts, and we scanned the websites of major retailers, including Amazon and Target, as well as specialized sellers, such as Her Room and Bare Necessities. And we read editorial reviews from Real Simple, Good Housekeeping, Cosmopolitan, and Business Insider. We also perused the A Bra That Fits subreddit, where users passionately discuss fit and other wearability issues. After finishing our research, we decided to consider bras from some of the oldest names in the business (including Bali, founded in 1927, and Wacoal, founded in 1949), as well as some that have been around for less than a decade (such as Cuup, Harper Wilde, Lively, Negative, ThirdLove, and True & Co). We decided it was imperative to test the mettle of these startups (which tend to be more heavily marketed) against several more-established companies, to see whether the quality of their bras and overall buying experience lived up to the hype. Well-established brands have several advantages over startups, The Lingerie Addict’s Harrington told me. For one, the more-established brands can often produce a higher-quality product for less money due to economies of scale—they can carry greater size and color options at more affordable prices. “Some of these companies have been in business for decades, which means they’ve had a lot of time to invest in research and development for their products,” Harrington said. “There’s really no way to ‘hack’ being in business for 20 years.”. Newer companies are more likely to discontinue or tweak products in response to customer feedback, which can result in less-consistent offerings at first (whereas established styles have already gone through this process). And direct-to-consumer brands don’t usually have brick-and-mortar outposts, FIT’s Fredenburg told me. “Accessibility is a benefit of going with a larger brand, as you would be able to walk into most department stores and actually try it on,” she said. On the other hand, most of the brands we recommend (both old and new) are sold at brick-and-mortar stores, and many offer free shipping and returns to make buying online about as convenient as in-person shopping. And, after wearing styles from a huge cross-section of both types of brands, a majority of the bras we recommend are made by younger companies. Many of the less-established brands we tested have found a way to offer beautiful, modern styles in many sizes and colors, without sacrificing comfort and durability—and in roughly the same price range as some of their more-experienced competitors. Fredenburg, who has styled models in lingerie from hundreds of brands—and has often worn the garments herself—said she thinks the playing field is much more level than it once was. “The lingerie market has been very disrupted in recent years, allowing some amazing brands to enter into it,” she said. “A lot of bra startup companies have founders that spent years designing at the biggest intimate apparel companies, and now have all of that knowledge behind them. Some even have substantial investment capital that has allowed them to be able to do the same research and innovation as the larger companies.”. Once we identified the top brands, we honed our testing list based on the following criteria:. This left us with a list of 43 bras to test. At least two of our four testers—who typically wear a 34A, a 36D, a 42D, and a 34F—tried on each bra, wearing it for at least an hour. They assessed a number of factors, including comfort, fit, support, construction, and style. Afterward, they gave each bra an overall rating from 1 to 5, with 5 being the highest. Women’s clothing sizes are historically fraught, varying greatly from brand to brand, and bra sizing is even thornier. As we explain in How to Find a Bra that Fits, we recommend getting professionally fitted for a bra in person if you can. If there aren’t any lingerie shops where you live, or you don’t feel comfortable going in person, Powell (of The Pencil Test) told us some shops do virtual fittings over text or video. If that’s not possible, you can also take your own measurements at home. We recommend looking at A Bra That Fits, a bra-size calculator and measuring guide made by a group of reddit users, and comparing your results against the size guide for the particular bra you’re considering. Sizing can still vary, however—for example, one of our testers used the calculator and it told her to get a C cup, but she’s always found that A or B cup bras from most brands fit her better. Finally, follow a series of try-on tips to check that the bra you receive is truly your size. Most of the brands we recommend offer free returns, but you should check the return policy first since the time limits vary. If you’re shopping online, it can be helpful to order a few different sizes to try at home (though this isn’t the most sustainable option). Local shops usually have their own return and exchange policies, which can be more lenient than the manufacturer’s. So it’s worth checking out stores close to home. (This is also true of some larger retailers, including Bare Necessities, which has a generous 120-day exchange policy.). The best way to wash bras and other delicates is by hand (machine-washing wears them out faster), usually after about four wears (or more frequently, if you have a particularly sweaty day). Harrington says that even if you choose to wash your bras in a machine—hopefully in a protective lingerie bag with a small load of laundry on a delicate or cold setting–you should still hang them to dry. The rough-and-tumble motion of a dryer can cause an underwire to pop out of place, she said, or it can twist, tangle, stretch, or distort the shape of the band, straps, or cups. Treat bras gently—they’re called delicates for a reason. Store them upright, nested inside one another, so they don’t become wrinkled or misshapen. Replace bras when the underwire warps or pokes through the fabric lining, when the elastic is totally stretched out, when the fabric starts to fray or fade, or when your bra size changes. Figuring out how to responsibly donate and recycle old clothing can be a challenge, since many donated items eventually find their way to foreign landfills. Bras are uniquely tricky to get rid of sustainably, due to their complex construction (which involves dozens of individual components, from metal underwires and clasps to foam padding, plastic sliders, and elastic straps). Many donation centers will also not accept used undergarments. Luckily, there are a few relatively low-effort options to consider if you’d like to recycle or donate your old bras. If you’re getting rid of like-new or gently used bras and you want to support women in your community, first call around to local women’s shelters to see if they will accept your items. Make sure everything you donate to be worn by another person respects the future recipient: Bras should be clean and free of stains and tears, and all fasteners should be intact. There are also a number of organizations that accept bras they’ll then donate to people in need or recycle, depending on the quality of the bra. The Bra Recyclers and Free the Girls both offer drop-off locations across the US. Bras can also be mailed directly to their facilities (in Arizona and Indiana, respectively), but you will have to cover the cost of shipping, which is around $10. If your bras are threadbare, stretched out, or just not wearable anymore, consider using a bra recycling program. Harper Wilde, which makes two of our picks (the Base Bra and the Bliss Bra), offers a bra recycling program you can take advantage of even if you didn’t buy anything from the company—and it accepts any brand of bra and undies, not just its own. Access to the program is free with every order, which comes with a recycling bag you fill with your old gear, along with a prepaid USPS shipping label. If you haven’t purchased anything from the company, you can still send in your items, but the shipping’s on you and usually costs about $10. According to the brand’s website, Harper Wilde works with several recycling partners to disassemble your old bras. Some components are upcycled into yarns and fabrics, and others are downcycled for things like rugs and insulation. The direct-to-consumer lingerie brand Knickey offers a similar program, which can also be used regardless of whether you’ve purchased anything from the company. For $5, it will provide you with a recycling label, to be affixed to your package before dropping it in the mail. According to its site, your old bras (and underwear, socks, tights, and cloth face masks) are then sorted and graded for reuse or recycling, eventually finding new life as yarn, cleaning rags, insulation, and more. You can also send old bras to B.R.A., a for-profit recycling agency that employs a patented process for recycling bras into commercial carpet padding. A single-use recycling label for one bra can be printed for free, while options for sending multiple bras range from $5 to $15. (The agency also partners with brands like Cuup to offer even more mail-in recycling options). Once received, underwires are extracted, and proceeds from their recycling are donated to breast cancer research. Plastic components are separated and sent to bottle-top companies, and textiles and padding are upcycled into carpet padding. The Aerie Real Free Full Coverage Lightly Lined Bra is similar to the Real Sunnie (made of a soft, nylon-elastane material with smooth, barely visible seams and simple lines), except the Aerie Real Free has an underwire for added support and an adjustable band. It comes in 17 colors (a mix of neutrals and other colors) and many sizes (A to DDD cup, 32- to 42-inch band). The material doesn’t have much stretch, which is why our testers slightly preferred the Real Sunnie. But the Aerie Real Free is still a great option. The Journelle Isabel Balconette Bra and the Journelle Romy Demi Bra (both unlined) aren’t as comfortable as the Anais Plunge, which has soft, microfiber cups. Like the Anais, these two bras come in a limited range of sizes (A to G cup, 30- to 36-inch band). The lace on the Isabel and the Romy (Leavers and Helanca, respectively) is just as elegant, and some people might prefer the sheer look of these two. Both also come in a wider variety of colors than the Anais (the Isabel comes in light brown, black, green, fuchsia, and light purple, while the Romy comes in white, light brown, dark brown, black, yellow, pink, and red). We slightly preferred the wire-free version of the Negative Sieve Demi Bra, but this bra is a great option if you want extra lift from an underwire. It’s still stretchy and surprisingly comfortable (some of our testers expected the fine mesh to be scratchy—but it wasn’t). It’s available in a somewhat limited range of colors (light brown, light pink, gray, black) and sizes (B to G cup, 32- to 40-inch band), but our testers found that it flattered a variety of boob shapes. Given their firmer straps, the ThirdLove 24/7 Perfect Coverage Bra and the ThirdLove 24/7 Classic T-shirt Bra were not quite as versatile or easy-breezy to wear compared with the Plunge, but we loved every bra we tried from this company. These two are well made, they provide lots of support, and the materials are soft and comfortable. Also, they’re available in a wide range of sizes (Perfect Coverage: B to H cup, 32- to 44-inch band; Classic T-shirt: A to H cup, 32- to 44-inch band). The Bali Comfort Revolution ComfortFlex Fit Wirefree Bra, the Bali Comfort Revolution Fuse Bralette (also called the EasyLight Wirefree Bra), and the Bali Double Support Soft Touch Back Smoothing Wirefree Bra are the height of comfort. They’re supple and soft, making them perfect for lounging, and they come in many colors and sizes. However, they’re a bit dowdy and plain-looking compared with our picks. The Cosabella Never Say Never Sweetie Bralette comes in petite, curvy, and extended sizes and myriad colors, and it is one of the most comfortable lace bras we tested. Although the band is wire-free and non-adjustable, you get a surprising amount of support from its straps, which are adjustable and broader than those of most bralettes. We preferred the shapes of other bralette picks, which provide more padding and lift, but this one is still a solid option—especially if you wear either a larger or smaller size. Similar to the Bliss, the Everlane Invisible Bra (formerly, the ReNew) has a supportive, 2-inch-wide band and a pair of pleasantly sturdy, size-adjustable straps, and it’s made of a soft, stretchy material. The Invisible also provides plenty of coverage, despite its deep-plunging neckline, and it’s relatively inexpensive. Our main complaint when we first published this guide, in 2021, was the limited selection of colors and sizes. Since then, Everlane has expanded its color and size offerings; we will reconsider the Invisible Bra for our next update. We didn’t like how the seams on the front of the Lively Bralette and the Lively Busty Bralette showed through most shirts. But most of our testers found them to be comfortable and easy to wear, and between the two variations there are plenty of size options. The Natori Bliss Perfection Wirefree T-shirt Bra is one of the most breezy, put-it-on-and-forget-it bras we tried. Across the board, our testers enjoyed wearing it, and we found it produced flattering silhouettes with multiple body types. It’s available in 15 colors, but the sizing (A to DDD cup, 30- to 38-inch band) is fairly limited. Also, we found that the lace wasn’t firmly attached to the band, and it started to pull away from the bra during testing. The True Body Lift Scoop Neck Bra has a shape that flatters numerous body types, and removable padding in the cups to further customize the fit—though we wish it had an adjustable band and straps. It’s made of a stretchy, liquid-like fabric and has very few seams, making it incredibly comfortable to wear. It seems relatively durable. All four of our testers rated it highly, but we slightly preferred the sleeker look of other bralettes. The Cacique Smooth Boost Plunge Bra and the Cacique Smooth Lightly Lined Balconette Bra both come in a truly impressive range of sizes (Plunge: B to H cup, 34- to 50-inch band; Balconette: B to K cup, 32- to 54-inch band). However, the fabrics on both bras felt rigid compared with those of our picks. The Cosabella Soire Confidence Molded Underwire Bra comes in a dazzling array of 22 colors, but one of our testers who wears a 36D found the material to be scratchy and the shape unflattering. The Cuup Balconette Bra is made of a slightly rougher material (a sheer mesh) than the Scoop, and most of our testers didn’t find the shape to be quite as flattering. The material on the Cuup Triangle Bra (now unavailable) feels the same as that of the Scoop, but, again, we didn’t love the shallower shape of the cups as much as the Scoop’s. Our testers gave the Lively T-shirt Bra an average score of 1 out of 5 overall, noting that it was constricting and uncomfortable to wear. The Soma Vanishing 360 Perfect Coverage Bra comes in a wide variety of sizes (cup sizes A to G, 32- to 42-inch band) and nine colors, but it earned an average score of 2 out of 5 overall from our testers, who found that the cups showed through shirts more obviously than did other full-coverage options. The materials also feel bulkier and less expensive than those of our picks. The VS Sexy Illusions Push-Up Plunge Bra provides more lift than both the Plunge and the True Body. But our testers thought the materials seemed cheaper than that of comparable options, and they gave the bra a lukewarm score overall. The Cosabella Soire Confidence Bralette and the Cosabella Soire Confidence Curvy Bralette are available in a wide range of colors (22 and four, respectively) and sizes. The Soire comes in sizes S to L (which translates as an A to a D cup, with a 32- to 36-inch band), and the Curvy version comes in XS to XL (which translates as a DD to an H cup, with a 30- to 40-inch band). But these bras are made of one of the roughest fabrics of any we tested, and the triangular cups were unflattering on most of our testers. All of the bralettes we tested from Hanky Panky (the Hanky Panky Signature Lace Removable Pad Bralette, now unavailable, and the Hanky Panky Supima Cotton Padded Bralette) come in a narrow range of colors and sizes. Their thin straps and bands provided hardly any support. A representative from the company told us that even the size L bras are not supportive enough for people who wear anything above a B cup. The Soma Enbliss Racerback Bralette is super-comfy, and the fabric is soft and stretchy. And we like that it has removable pads. However, the high-cut neckline was strangely ill-fitting on all of our testers, and we found that the sizing ran very small. The Uniqlo Women 3D Hold Wireless Bra and the Uniqlo Women Relax Wireless Bra (both currently unavailable) are inexpensive, but they’re more basic than other bras we tested. Plus, the company has been having stock issues lately, and it lost several of our orders. The VS Lightly Lined Wireless Bra comes in a fairly wide range of sizes (A to F cup, 32- to 40-inch band) and 41 colors and prints. However, our testers gave it a low average score (3) overall. One reported, “Over the course of the day the band likes to tuck under my breasts, leading me to dig it out.” And another said, “I feel like it’s flattening my boobs (like a sports bra), but it also has too much room in the center.”. This article was edited by Catherine Kast, Anna Perling, and Jennifer Hunter. Our experts recommend an everyday wardrobe of at least three to four bras. With three, said Cora Harrington, you have “one to wear, one to let rest, so the elastic can recover, and one to clean.” Similarly, Holly Powell advised having four well-fitting basics: “This way you’re not wearing any one bra more than twice per week.” She continued, “These four should include a couple different styles that go with different clothes.” Beyond the basics, consider your budget and lifestyle when stocking up on bras. If you attend lots of weddings or formal events, a plunging strapless style may be in order. Or if you’re a runner, you’ll be needing a selection of sports bras. “If you can afford more,” said Harrington, “buy as many as you’d like!”. Unless you’ve been sweating heavily, you can go about four wears before washing a bra. For best results, we recommend hand-washing with a mild detergent in cool water. If you prefer to machine-wash, use a cold or delicate setting and enclose your bras in a lingerie bag. And always hang-dry your bras to preserve their shape and fit. A bra’s longevity depends on a number of factors, from how you wash and dry it to how often it’s worn. That said, you can expect to have to replace your bras after 6 to 12 months of normal wear-and-tear. And no matter how long you’ve had a bra, if your size has changed; if your bra is stretched out, frayed, or dingy; or if it feels less supportive than it used to be, it’s probably time to invest in a new one. If you’re seeking more-sustainable ways to dispose of bras you no longer wear, we’ve got tips on bra donation and recycling. If you’re looking for a comfortable and supportive everyday bra, we recommend the Harper Wilde Base Bra: It’s affordable and buttery soft, and it offers full coverage without feeling matronly. The Base Bra is offered in an impressive range of sizes, from A to F, and it features deep cups that are especially suited to containing larger breasts. If you prefer a wireless style (and even more coverage), the Soma Embraceable Full Coverage Wireless Unlined Bra is another great option. Available in sizes up to an H cup, it offers all the comfort and ease of a bralette while still providing enough support for fuller busts. Cora Harrington, founder of The Lingerie Addict blog, phone interview, May 8, 2020. Holly Powell, owner of The Pencil Test lingerie shop, phone interview, May 15, 2020. Jaclyn Fredenburg, Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) instructor, phone interview, May 18, 2020. Colleen Hill, Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) museum curator and author of Exposed: A History of Lingerie, phone interview, May 20, 2020. Dr. Andrea Madrigrano, Rush University Medical Center breast surgeon, phone interview, June 12, 2020. Doug Farmer, The Lycra Company end-use research fellow, email interview, January 27, 2021. Majid Sarmadi, PhD, University of Wisconsin School of Human Ecology professor, phone interview, January 27, 2021. Sarah Witman has researched, tested, and reviewed all manner of products—from massage chairs and mousetraps to pencils and power banks—since joining Wirecutter in 2017. Before that, she worked as a science writer and fact checker for numerous publications, and she studied journalism at the University of Wisconsin. In her spare time, she eats as much cheese as her body will tolerate. Zoe Vanderweide is a staff writer reporting on style and accessories at Wirecutter. She has been wearing things for over three decades, and she has spent years covering streetwear, luxury, art, and design. Off the clock, you can find her painting the town rainbow with her (devastatingly stylish) daughter. The Simple Wishes Signature Hands Free Pumping Bra is the best pumping bra we found after testing nine models and pumping a collective 350 ounces of breast milk. The right sports bra can help make exercising more comfortable. Here are some shopping and fit tips from experts to help you find one that fits. by Christina Colizza and Anna Perling. A pervasive statistic says 80% of bra-wearers buy the wrong size. The truth is that you have more than one bra size. Here's how to find yours. We tested the SomaInnofit to see whether tech could really deliver the perfect fit. It didn’t. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission. As our resident underwear expert — I have thought about granny panties much more than anyone should — I’ve come to realize there’s no supporting player quite like the bra. The bra gets a bad rap because it can be hard to find one that fits, but it’s doing a lot. It has to disappear under your clothing while not cutting into your chest from any angle. It should separate and support your breasts without feeling unnatural or uncomfortable. I previously theorized (in our small-bust-specific bra guide) that the best bra is one you don’t have to think about, and the longer I’ve been on the bra beat, the more I’ve come to believe that’s true. Since no two boobs are alike (which is why you also need straps that adjust accordingly without digging into your shoulders) and considering all of the above, it’s easy to see why bra shopping can be so challenging. To simplify the process, I asked professional undergarment fitters, lingerie-store owners, and those who have tried tons of styles about their most beloved bras (and I’ve included a couple of my own favorites, too). We wanted to include bras that come in a wide selection of cups and bands. To broaden the number of options you have, here’s a tip I found helpful from our story to small-breast-specific bras, courtesy of Elisabeth Dale, author of The Breast Life Guide to the Bra Zone: If you go down a size in a band to get a better fit, choose the next cup size up to keep your band-to-cup ratio the same, and if you go down a cup size, go up a band size. Or put another way, a 36AA is roughly the same as a 34A, a 34B is about equivalent to 32C, and so on. As former Strategist writer Chloe Anello helpfully explains, “Without an underwire, the band is essentially responsible for support,” which is why an ill-fitting bra “will cause your straps to slip and cups to feel loose.” Along with support, the “underwire’s job is to shape the base of the cup and thus the rest of the breast,” undergarment educator Kimmay Caldwell previously told me. There could be a dictionary dedicated to different cup shapes. A plunge and push-up are sometimes synonymous, but the former is better for those J.Lo-in-that-Versace-dress moments. A balconette is a close cousin of the demi, designed for more cleavage and less cup. Your cup style of choice will also determine the coverage it provides — cups that sit too low could mean an unintended nip slip (which is why fit is so important). The level of coverage lies with the lining, too (which I noted with each recommendation). Sizes: 30A–38DD | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: T-shirt-style cups with a light lining and molded mesh. The cult favorite turned classic Natori Feathers has been a Nordstrom Anniversary Sale best seller with Strategist readers for years. The Feathers took the gold in this guide because it fulfills everything we were looking for: It comes in a range of sizes; features lightly lined, contoured cups; and has straps that become wider as you move up into larger sizes for more support. Writer Molly Lamoureux calls this bra “the unicorn of undergarments” for its comfort and support. Parsons fashion-marketing student Tammy Lee is another devotee, describing how the bra makes “your boobs look natural while being held up.” It’s the top seller for shoppers with A through G cups at New York City’s Bra Tenders, according to store founder Lori Kaplan, who says the lightweight, seamless, deep-plunge bra works under T-shirts “but still has some feminine effects.”. Since crowning it our best bra, I tried out the Feathers for myself when Natori sent it to me for review. I understand all the love around the bra now. Although you can see the actual cups — as opposed to having them hidden under a layer of lining — I found it to be uplifting, like my breasts were being gently held up. And what makes the Feathers different from many T-shirt styles is the dramatic plunge at the center — yet the molded mesh ensured nothing could pop out. I’ll also note that Natori takes the title of “most mentioned” out of the bra brands I heard about from our panelists. Mia Leimkuhler, former Strategist senior manager of audience engagement, used to be a Feathers fan but has now switched to the Flora, which is similar but has thinner cup material. Sizes: 32A–44H with half-cups (like A½) | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: T-shirt-style (slightly demilike cut) with memory foam cups for a light lining. This ThirdLove T-shirt bra topped our list of the best bras for small breasts, with three Strategist staffers pointing us to it. Former Strategist senior writer Karen Iorio Adelson tried it as part of her deep dive into the world of start-up bra brands. Since Iorio Adelson usually experiences strap slippage, she especially liked how the pleated design keeps them up on her shoulders. She also gave it top marks for feeling invisible while still being supportive, while Strategist writer Lauren Ro agrees that the bra fits and wears really well. Strategist senior writer Liza Corsillo gives it a third thumbs-up, saying that it “makes my boobs look equal and perky without overly drawing attention to them.”. Sizes: 44C–54DD with up to a K cup options | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Balconette style, lightly lined, molded cups. Jasmine Elder, founder of JIBRI, and content creator Thamarr Guerrier of Musings of a Curvy Lady both highly praised Lane Bryant’s intimates line, Cacique. The sheer number of sizes — including cup sizes up to K and band sizes up to 54 — makes it a clear winner. Elder and Guerrier mention that the label’s bras have wide straps and bands that look seamless under clothing and don’t pinch the skin. This balconette bra is the one Guerrier turns to the most, calling it “a trustworthy style.” It delivers the shape she wants, and it’s smoothing enough to be a true unseen undergarment. Alternatively, if you’re interested in something wireless, Elder relies on this unlined bralette from the brand, which she says doesn’t have underwire but supports as if it did. Sizes: 30B–40D | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: T-style style, lined with lifting memory-foam cups. An underwear list wouldn’t be complete without Calvin Klein. Lamoureux turned us on to this T-shirt bra from the label that has a devoted fandom for its light lining and just-right level of coverage. Another fan is Lauren Stephens, co-founder of the clothing company Dudley Stephens; she previously worked in PR for Calvin Klein, which is how she first learned about the bra. She hasn’t worked there for years but still sings the bra’s praises and especially likes the memory foam that molds to a wearer’s body, giving a more personalized lift. Sizes: 30A–44H | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Cups cut with deep V, unlined with sheer or printed mesh. If you’re set on sheer material, the Cuup Plunge is a favorite among panelists with small and bigger breasts alike. Amanda McMillan, a restaurant general manager in Brooklyn and former “underwire cynic,” likes the bra for its “French-girl-lingerie-under-structured-boxy-menswear look” and how the construction allows for a barely-there fit that doesn’t contort her chest. Anello, meanwhile, made an exception to her “no-real-bras rule” for this one. “Surprisingly, it gives lots of support despite how thin it feels,” she says. The leaves-nothing-to-the-imagination mesh is also why Maude founder Éva Goicochea considers it a lingerie piece to liven up her decades-long marriage. The Plunge is also popular with two Strategist staffers: writers Latifah Miles and Dominique Pariso. Miles has “never felt sleeker” underneath than when she’s wearing the Plunge. Pariso loves how comfortable and breathable hers is. Sizes: 32A–38DD | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Balconette-style, unlined with a dot mesh. Once Anello tried out Lively’s the Dot Mesh Unlined Bra, it quickly made its way into her rotation, even beating out Cuup’s colorful balconette option. This bra adapts better to your breasts, Anello says, with the underwire helping to lift everything up. Unlike other brands, the straps on Lively bras (including the Dot Mesh) adjust in the front, rather than back, to make it easier to find the right fit. And since this particular style is made from less see-through mesh, Anello suggests it for those “in the market for a toe-dip into the world of mesh instead of a full-on plunge.”. Meanwhile, if you prefer a more traditional balconette with a bit more coverage, go with Monogram co-founder Lisa Mayock’s pick: the B.tempt’d by Wacoal Ciao Bella Bra. “Wearing this is like winning the bra lottery,” she says, mentioning that it’s “comparable to others in my lingerie drawer that are more than double the price.”. Sizes: 30A–38G | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Contour cups in a T-shirt style, foam-lined. Think of a contour bra like the push-up bra’s cousin. This style features cups specially cut to sculpt the bust in a way that’s more seamless than a push-up’s padding traditionally is. Natori’s Bliss, which is designed in a T-shirt style and comes with a touch of padding, gives wardrobe stylist Grace Thomas the “subtle lift most of us are looking for in our bras.” She even goes as far as to call it an upgrade to the brand’s fan-favorite Feathers bra for its well-thought-out details. The cups of the Bliss are cut just low enough to wear with a V-neck without having to worry about the top of the bra playing peekaboo, as is the band, which is scooped in the back and easy to wear with tops that bare slightly more skin. Still, Thomas adds that the band isn’t overly thin; it falls higher on the sides, and she likes that the lace trim throughout makes the Bliss a sexier version of an everyday bra. Sizes: 32D–44DDD | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Minimizer-style, high-cut cups and lightly lined. Minimizers don’t have the best reputations — they’re notorious for feeling restrictive and uncomfortable, not to mention looking passé. But this Wacoal style boasts endorsements from two bra-store owners. As Linda Becker, a.k.a. Linda the Bra Lady, says, “Minimizers are known to be ugly,” but the Visual Effects is not, with a “pretty all-over lace that’s very smooth and gives a lot of support” while making you look a size smaller. (She should know because she relies on it herself as a G cup.) Kaplan has high praise for the bra, too: “It does what it says it’s going to do, and it’s got nice wide sides, so it contains any side pooching.”. The bra also has the Strategist seal of approval. From personal experience, bras advertised as “minimizing” can be very smooshing. This one is decidedly not. It doesn’t emphasize my breasts as others do — I put it on when I don’t want them to be as “exposed,” so to speak (like underneath a tighter turtleneck). It sits high enough on my chest that I never worry about any slips or spillage. And probably best of all, it’s perfectly seamless even when worn with the thinnest of T-shirts. I just forget I have it on, which is the sign of a truly great bra. I even wrote an entire ode to it, naming it the best thing I bought in 2022. Sizes: 34B–42C | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: T-style style, lined with foam cups, extra-wide side-coverage panels. Sometimes you need a little support on the sides — which is why I chose this Warners number. Its biggest selling point is the “No Side Effects” fit with the band featuring higher and wider panels (compared with what you’ll see from other bra brands) on each side of the cups. Pre-Warners, I would often struggle with spillage. Intentionally showing off sideboob is one thing, but feeling as if my chest is oozing out around the edges is not the effect I’m going for. Now, what once was spillage is kept into place with the help of the panels. I thought the result would be uncomfortable — a price I was admittedly willing to pay — but fortunately, there’s none of the restriction or resistance I was expecting. It’s like my sides are being firmly but gently supported rather than unpleasantly smushed in. The bra also just makes everything look so smooth. (If you read on, you’ll see that the wireless version of this bra also makes an appearance on this list.). Sizes: 30B–44H with some I-cup options | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Seamless cups, foam lined, built-in boning. The Wacoal Red Carpet came up the most out of any strapless style we heard about. Though it was specifically shouted out for bigger busts, it comes in such a wide size range that we had no trouble crowning it with a “best” title. It has somewhat of a cult following — Becker mentions that it is often the only strapless bra that clients with G and H cups feel comfortable wearing. Kaplan agrees that it offers “phenomenal support for a bra without straps.” But it’s not just a bra-store staple: Strategist contributor Nora Whelan is another member of the Red Carpet fan club, telling us that unlike other strapless bras, this one doesn’t lose its shape or slide down constantly. It’s so comfortable that she recounts a time when she fell asleep in the “soporific bra” during a house party. “Big-boobed girls of the world, trust: This bra will take you from perpetually petrified of popping out to secure, spillage-free, and slumberous,” she assures. Sizes: 32B–40DD with some DDD options | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Lace for a light lining, removable and convertible straps, silicone to keep in place. I’ve been burned too many times by strapless bras, which tend to slip down easily, have cups that don’t actually support my breasts, and include extremely uncomfortable underwires. (Sometimes all three all at once.) Still, I immediately liked this little number — which Wacoal sent me to try out — because it looks pretty with lace that resembles roses. Regardless of aesthetics, it’s a wonderful strapless bra in its own right. The lace makes the bra super-breathable, and it felt like my chest was secure without being squashed. I would liken the Halo to a more supportive bandeau, but it doesn’t try to push my chest up as high as other strapless bras do. The band is wide enough to offer some side support, and there’s silicone on the edge of the cups to keep the entire thing in place (but it doesn’t rub against my skin). Sizes: Cups A–D | Underwire: Wired | Cup style and coverage: Deep U-shaped plunge, padding, adhesive wings. When we asked lingerie experts about the best backless bras and boob tape, Fashion Forms came up twice. Courtney Killpack, who runs the lingerie store Bosom Besties and the Instagram account Bra Fittings by Court, points out that the brand offers many different options, from lifting petals to chicken-cutlet-style bras. The U-Plunge recommendation comes courtesy of Cora Harrington, author of In Intimate Detail: How to Choose, Wear, and Love Lingerie. Since bras of this style don’t have a back band, they won’t give you the same lift and support as a regular bra, Harrington warns, but this one is probably as good as it gets. The U-Plunge’s padding and underwire do the holding here, keeping your breasts in place — plus, the plunge helps if you’re wearing something with a low front. Make sure to test it out before a big event, Harrington advises, as the adhesive wings could be tricky to place in the first go-around. Sizes: 0–5+ (equivalent to cup sizes A–G) | Underwire: Wireless | Cup style and coverage: V-neck, high-cut cups, unlined with sheer micro-mesh. We’ve called this non-wire option from Negative the archetypal wireless bra. It has a built-in fan base already, which is why it’s making an appearance on this list. Anello, a mesh obsessive after a pandemic-induced Great Underwear Purge, considers this her absolute favorite bra for how it manages to provide support (sans wire) without flattening, with mesh that stretches enough to be full coverage. Photo producer Emily Eisen seconds that, saying that while it’s “a little sexy,” the clasp band helps it be just as supportive as something with underwire. If there’s any doubt left, Leimkuhler explains that it was the only bra she needed on a two-week honeymoon through Europe. Sizes: XS–2X | Underwire: Wireless | Cup style and coverage: Scoop design, wide straps. Strategist senior editor Simone Kitchens and former New York Magazine photo editor (and filmmaker) Stella Blackmon call this wide-strap, pullover-style bra “small-bust-proof.” They each own several, which made the case even stronger for including it here. “They feel like nothing on,” Kitchens says. “They’re so comfy but still supportive enough that you don’t look dowdy.” Kitchens even pairs one with matching undies (our pick for the best high-rise brief) and a button-down at home. Blackmon, for her part, likes how breathable the Arq bras are, despite featuring wider straps and being made from a thicker cotton. “Truly every time I reach for it, compared to my other bra with the same shape, it’s a relief,” she explains. Sizes: XS–XL (equivalent to 30B–38D) | Underwire: Wireless | Cup style and coverage: Scoop design with removable pads. This True & Co. is another recommendation that comes from our archives. In our list of the best wireless bras for large breasts, it took the title of “best seamless.” Strategist contributor Brodie Lancaster, who’s also a longtime remote worker, counts the bra among her top-five best work-from-home bras. This one has a “full-coverage, long-enough-to-be-a-crop-top” look and comes in colors reminiscent of surgical bandages, but if comfort’s a priority, you can’t go wrong with its fabric, which is “softer than any other bra material I’ve encountered,” Lancaster explains. And since it’s designed to be more of a middle ground between a T-shirt and sports bra, it does the lifting and supporting jobs well, too. Sizes: 35A–40C | Underwire: Wireless | Cup style and coverage: T-shirt style, lightly padded, extra-wide side-coverage panels. “It’s a mouthful, but I have seriously never worn a more comfortable bra,” personal stylist Allie McKenna says of this Warners wireless option. It’s part of the same “No Side Effects” line as the full-coverage style I mentioned above. Like me, McKenna praises the smoothing side panels. “If I’m wearing an actual bra, I want to make sure that it shapes me and holds me in properly so that I look and feel my best,” she says. “This bra does that.” Since it’s wireless, it doesn’t dig into her torso — in fact, the bra is so easy to wear that McKenna doesn’t feel the need to rip it off, as she does others. Keep in mind that the cups are lightly padded to give the bra a little more support. Sizes: XXS–6XL| Underwire: Wireless | Cup style and coverage: Scoop design, racerback, longline silhouette, designed for full coverage. It would be a Herculean effort to count how many times we’ve heard about Girlfriend Collective’s Paloma bra, making it rise above all the other contenders. (It was also featured in our best sports-bra guide.) Lauren Roxborough, former head of marketing for hot-yoga studio Y7, turns to it when she knows she’s in for an active, sweaty class. Natalie Holloway, co-founder of Bala (maker of our favorite stylish wrist weights), likewise relies on hers for intense workouts. “They are not restrictive in your movement and show none-to-little sweat,” she says. But it works outside the gym, too: Lancaster wears it for WFH, saying that it stays put, is structural, and supports her chest (thanks to its compression style) without becoming uncomfortable. “If anything,” she says, “it encourages me to sit up straighter, for which my osteopath is grateful.”. • Karen Iorio Adelson, former Strategist senior writer• Chloe Anello, former Strategist writer• Linda Becker, a.k.a. Linda the Bra Lady and founder of Linda’s• Stella Blackmon, filmmaker and former New York Magazine photo editor• Kimmay Caldwell, undergarment educator• Liza Corsillo, Strategist senior writer• Elisabeth Dale, author of The Breast Life Guide to the Bra Zone• Emily Eisen, photo producer• Jasmine Elder, founder of JIBRI• Thamarr Guerrier, content creator at Musings of a Curvy Lady• Cora Harrington, author of In Intimate Detail: How to Choose, Wear, and Love Lingerie• Natalie Holloway, co-founder of Bala• Lori Kaplan, founder of Bra Tenders• Courtney Killpack, runs lingerie store Bosom Besties and Instagram account Bra Fittings by Court• Simone Kitchens, Strategist senior editor• Molly Lamoureux, writer• Brodie Lancaster, Strategist contributor• Tammy Lee, Parsons fashion-marketing student• Lisa Mayock, co-founder of Monogram• Allie McKenna, personal stylist• Amanda McMillan, restaurant general manager in Brooklyn• Latifah Miles, Strategist writer• Dominique Pariso, Strategist writer• Lauren Ro, Strategist writer• Lauren Roxborough, former head of marketing for hot-yoga studio Y7• Lauren Stephens, co-founder of fleece-focused clothing company Dudley Stephens• Grace Thomas, wardrobe stylist• Nora Whelan, Strategist contributor. Additional reporting by Lauren Schwartsberg, Karen Iorio Adelson, and Dominique Pariso. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

Like all of the best menswear essentials (both those you own and those you don’t own yet), the cardigan sweater has quite the history, one that begins long before it ends up on your shoulders. A great story tends to lend itself to functionality, rugged appeal, classic style and modern good looks when it comes to menswear, after all (think of the workwear roots of the blue jean, for instance). It’s hard not to love Buck Mason’s approach to menswear classics made modern. This shawl cardigan looks like something style legend Steve McQueen might have worn, with its flattering shawl collar and rugged ribbed knit design. It’s roomy enough to layer over a chambray shirt or henley, and pairs perfectly with Buck Mason denim. Well, in this case, plenty. The sleeveless cardigan sweaters of days gone by are derived from knitted wool waistcoats worn by British soldiers – you might think of it like the original mid-layer. Today though, cardigans are worn much more casually, and they’re a symbol of timeless style you probably first saw on TV thanks to storytelling icon Mr. Rogers. Trust us when we say the best cardigan sweaters can be incorporated easily into the wardrobe of any modern man – they’re more cool, more stylish and even a touch more rugged than you might expect. A cardigan is a long-sleeved button-front sweater, most commonly designed with a V-shaped front rising from the top button of the sweater (not unlike a waistcoat from a three-piece suit). Some cardigans might button slightly higher on your chest, but most retain that V-front. A cardigan can sometimes feature a fold-over shawl collar for added neck coverage and warmth in the winter. The best cardigan sweaters hit just below the belt line, whereas a standard crewneck or V-neck sweater might hit slightly above the belt line. Cardigan sweaters have plenty in common with your other favorite winter sweaters, including materials. You’ll find some of the best men’s cardigans come in materials ranging from pure wool to wool and cotton blends, merino wool fabric or even hard-wearing fabrications like merino and nylon for stretch and performance. The most luxe cardigans are made from smooth cashmere and cashmere blends, with a soft texture and a slight shine to the fabric. Others feature ribbed, ridge-like knitting that provides more durability. Generally, the thicker the sweater, the warmer it’ll be in fall and winter. Some cardigans feature adornments like vertical stripes or pattern stitching, and more dressy options often opt for a solid color with minimal pattern. Think of the cardigan like a retro-meets-modern piece – it’s the sort of sweater your grandfather would have worn, yet you can revamp yours for today’s times by opting for a more tailored fit and soft, stretchy fabric. Never underestimate the importance of fit as you layer up – pick the wrong fit, and you’ll end up swimming in fabric. Go too slim, and you’ll feel restricted and uncomfortable. A good rule of thumb is this: Your cardigan should fit well enough to layer a standard T-shirt, or better still, a classic button-down shirt, while still leaving you with enough room to move (and enough room to button the front of the sweater). The good news is, cardigans are cut with more room to move than other men’s clothing styles – a large cardigan is going to fit with a bit more room than an Oxford shirt in a size large. Some cardigans even designate their fit as “Slim,” “Classic” or “Relaxed.” Cardigans designed with a relaxed or oversized fit are trendy, to be sure, but they’re more often seen on runways or designed by high-fashion brands. A standard or classic-fit cardigan is going to work well on most frames, while slimmer guys can opt for a slim fit (provided it still delivers room for at least one layer underneath). The cardigan itself should hug your shoulders and chest while offering room to move, and you should be able to comfortably button the cardigan without it straining or pulling. Remember that the cardigan should hit just slightly below your belt line, and bear in mind that all-important rule:. Just think of style icons like Daniel Craig, who famously donned a cardigan as both James Bond and as a journalist in the 2011 film The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo – we can’t all look like 007, but he nails the basics of a well-fitting, stylish cardigan. The excellent thing about wearing one of the best cardigan sweaters is the way in which it frames your face and shows off another layer of visual interest, thanks to the V-shaped opening leading from the top button on most cardigans. This leaves plenty of room, literally, to experiment with the layers you want to wear (within reason, of course). A tried-and-true T-shirt in a neutral color looks good under cardigans made from more fine materials (like cashmere), especially sweaters made from a neutral color. Opt for a T-shirt in a darker shade, like navy, black or charcoal, or a T-shirt made from a textured cotton, as opposed to a plain white tee. Bulkier cardigans with a thick-knit design (often made from wool and wool blends) stand up well to hearty, durable fabrics, like chambray or washed denim shirts. For instance: A medium grey, ribbed knit cardigan pairs exceptionally well with a rugged chambray shirt or a thermal henley. Both are visually appealing, distinctive layers that just go well together. When in doubt: Think “dressy-meets-dressy” – like a burgundy cashmere cardigan and a simple charcoal tee – or else opt for “rugged-meets-rugged” pairings (chambray shirting and a wool shawl cardigan). Of course, other classics, including a timeless white Oxford shirt, pair well with essentially any cardigan on the market, and you can even opt for a knit tie to dress things up ever so slightly while still retaining a touch of distinctive style. Now that you’ve got a hang of the basics, let’s dive into the best men’s cardigans. This might be the platonic ideal of the perfect shawl cardigan, from the thick, ribbed-knit design to the substantial collar and the soft yet performance-minded blend of merino wool and cashmere. It’s the sort of exceedingly luxe-yet-dependable sweater someone like Hemingway himself might have treasured, and you can wear it much the same way for cozy winter weekends aplenty. Step out of your reliable “Bean Boots” and come in from the cold, then bundle up with this toasty, utterly timeless L.L. Bean cardigan. It looks like a sweater from another era, the sort of log cabin essential made to last for years. The lambswool is thick and dependable on drafty days, while the ribbed design delivers durability in spades. Plus, L.L. Bean notes the fabric delivers warmth without too much bulk. Famed American menswear designer Todd Snyder bills this as a blend of cardigan and chore coat, with front patch pockets and a design that’s easy to layer. It hits the right middle ground between sweater and blazer, with sturdy and warm 100 percent wool construction, crisp neutral color options and a fit that delivers layering options galore (might we suggest a Todd Snyder chambray shirt?). Bring a touch of seafaring adventure into your winter wardrobe with this sustainable Wellen cardigan. The fabric is crafted from recycled plastic bottles and oyster shells (seriously) for a modern, sustainable touch. Yet the design itself, including the beefy shawl collar, large buttons and flecked fabric, is a throwback to hard-working sweaters worn by ocean-bound adventurers. There’s more than a good chance you’ve been wearing Brooks Brothers dress shirts for years, right? The all-American style masters know how to define a classic like one of the best cardigan sweaters, and they’ve used premium Italian merino wool for an incredibly soft handfeel and luxe quality. Go for a sharp Black cardigan if you favor a refined, dressy winter sweater for elevated affairs this season. This handsome cardigan exemplifies the perfect blend of old-school and modern cool. The thick lambswool is exceedingly warm in blustery winter weather, the leather-covered buttons are a next-level design feature any men’s clothing enthusiast can appreciate, and the shawl collar should prove plenty useful for years to come. The Navy color works well with charcoal chinos or faded blue jeans, too. When you want a cardigan sweater that strikes a balance between durable and slightly dressy, look for a cardigan – like this one – that boasts both cotton and cashmere. The cashmere delivers softness, the cotton makes it easy to layer atop Faherty’s ultra-soft, famed henleys and flannel shirts, and the shawl collar is a classically stylish design touch, as are the contrasting buttons. Simple though it might be on the surface, this Alex Mill merino wool cardigan offers up more than meets the eye. The merino wool fabric is, of course, performance-minded and moisture-wicking, while colors like deep green are eye-catching and easy to wear with dressier picks like tan chinos or charcoal corduroy pants. The plain-front design, as opposed to a shawl collar, also makes this particular sweater easier to dress up, should you choose to wear it to the office with slim wool trousers. Your favorite pair of Bonobos chinos has met its match with this distinctive take on the cardigan sweater. Unlike other sweaters on this list, it boasts a stand-up funnel neck collar design that offers maximum coverage (at least when buttoned up to the neck). The all-over cable knit stitching is also a nod to classic fisherman sweaters, as is the Donegal wool-blend fabric. facebook



Share




twitter



Tweet







Pin





Flip. Get the best gear, latest gadgets, menswear recommendations, new books & deals sent to your inbox. Keep up on the latest gear and deals.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. The classic sweater is here and ready for fall. The cardigan sweater is simple enough of a garment to get remade every season with new fabrics, textures, and patterns. Some maintain the more classic cardigan elements, like a thinner, fitted merino wool or an oversized chunky knit, while others have spiced up the traditional cardigan with cool patterns and colors for fall 2022. For those who like a more traditional cardigan shape, go for an easy lightweight one from Uniqlo or an autumnal one from Paige. Some brands are playing with the structure of the sweater, too, like Mango making its cardigan with a stand collar or L.L. Bean and J.Crew with a thick shawl collar. Others are branching out into playing with the front closures, like Allsaints and NN07 ditching the buttons all together. There are also some high-fashion cardigans that go big in the best way, whether that's with design, fabric, or both. Celine Homme’s Hedi Slimane, for example, is making the case for leopard print as a neutral. And Maxhosa Africa’s Laduma Ngxokolo is displaying his South African heritage loud and clear. Here, we rounded up a selection of 25 of the best cardigans for 2022. They span the range of fit and fabric—we've got light, medium, and heavy weights—across price points. They've all got one thing in common, though, which is the power to make all of the cool days ahead infinitely cozier. This cardigan by Alex Mill is the perfect shade of saffron, which should make it your go-to ingredient for a vibey fall fit. Rails pretty much sticks to a neutral color palette with its collections. But it more than makes up for it with the soft, textured fabrics—like with this sleek shawl-collar cardigan that riffs off old-school British fisherman sweaters. This preppy cardigan is like the good parts of the old-school Abercrombie without the questionable shopping experience. Best paired with wider leg pants and Dr. Martens. In Hedi Slimane's world, animal prints—particularly leopard—are considered neutral. And for his latest collection, the Celine Homme designer is offering a cardigan that's made for cool cats that agree with this sentiment. H&M's lightweight cardigan is great for having on hand during work hours when the AC is blasting for no reason but you also have no interest in ruining a good outfit with a subpar sweater. Paige's cardigan plays with texture and weight in a way that both adds dimension to an outfit and also lets in some airflow so you don't find yourself overheating. Allsaints cardigans are simply some of the easiest to wear. They are perfectly cut and require zero effort to make an outfit come together. Head to Bonobos for classic, easy-to-wear cotton cardigans. Wear 'em to work, to dinner...hell, pretty much everywhere. Mango's heavier weight wool cardigan changed up the traditional neckline with a high collar, which is both subtle and momentous, as far as sweaters go. 3.1 Phillip Lim's slightly oversized jacquard cardigan is the kind you feel overjoyed to put on every single time you do. It's thick, heavyweight, and ideal for winter. Topman's inexpensive cardigan is a great way to figure out if you like wearing brown, which you will find out that you do. Try it over a T-shirt with any pair of jeans. Goodthreads is a go-to for quality basics at a pretty swell bargain. But this cardigan, in reach teal with a shawl collar, is anything but, well, basic. Pair it with dark selvedge denim. Uniqlo's selection of essentials is hard to beat. Just take a look at this choice cardigan made of Merino wool and priced under $50. This A.P.C. merino wool cardigan is a wardrobe staple. It's pricey as far as sweaters go but is well-made and looks polished enough to wear to a business-casual office. The best part of cardigans is putting them on over stuff and calling it an outfit. This NN07 one nails the low-key, very chill look we're after. If colorful options or playful patterns aren’t your speed, Lands' End has a Supima cotton cardigan for folks who like to take things slow and steady. Banana Republic has a slew of options in always-in-style earthtones, like this cream shawl-collar pick. This Off-White cardigan, which is inspired by traditional collegiate attire, is both luxury and street, as Virgil intended. Ralph Lauren, the stalwart label for all things preppy, is encouraging all the country club folks to be adventurous with color with this blue cardigan. Obey's patterned cardigan is stretchy and edgy and looks like it belongs with a pair of Dickie's. 12 Best Harrington Jackets for Men. Men's Skirts Are Ready for the Mainstream. Where to Buy Kendall Roy's Gucci Sneakers. The 13 Best, Most Stylish Blazers Under $200. Five Fits With: NBA Star Serge Ibaka. How to Get the 'Daisy Jones & The Six' Look. This Week's Best Menswear Releases. Pedro Pascal's 'The Last of Us' Jacket. 20 Best Waterproof Sneakers For Every Rainy Day. The 17 Best Linen Pants For Easy, Breezy Wear. The Best Chinos on Amazon Cost Less Than $100. The 15 Best Short Sleeve Button-Ups for Men. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Every product was carefully curated by an Esquire editor. We may earn a commission from these links. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

A visual snapshot of this season’s must-own trends, colours, fabrics & key pieces. Our photographers capture the best-dressed real men across the globe. Style inspiration courtesy of past and present men’s style icons. Short Hairstyles For Men. Medium Length Hairstyles For Men. Long Hairstyles For Men. Curly Hairstyles For Men. Celebrity Men's Hairstyles. A visual snapshot of this season’s must-own trends, colours, fabrics & key pieces. Our photographers capture the best-dressed real men across the globe. Style inspiration courtesy of past and present men’s style icons. Short Hairstyles For Men. Medium Length Hairstyles For Men. Long Hairstyles For Men. Curly Hairstyles For Men. Celebrity Men's Hairstyles. From Tyler the Creator to Harry Styles, every man and his dog seems to own some of the best cardigans for men. That’s right, you no longer have to qualify for AARP to don this cozy piece of apparel. The cardigan’s move from retirement home to wardrobe essential isn’t surprising (they’ve been making a comeback for a few years now). Functional, versatile, and undeniably stylish, they add structure and swagger to any outfit—while acting as the perfect layering piece for all seasons. They’ll keep you warm in the winter and look great with T-shirts during the sunny months. Below, we’ve pulled together a star-studded line-up featuring the best cardigans for men that money can buy. Our search took us high and low, exploring labels such as Gucci, John Smedley, and AllSaints. Keep reading to discover the must-have styles no man should be without. If you’re feeling a little chilly but it’s too mild for a coat, the trusty cardigan is your go-to transitional layer. Cut to a relaxed fit from a soft Italian merino cashmere yarn, this dependable version from Closed is a real all-rounder. The camel color never goes out of style for a reason—it looks good with everything. Barring Hawaiin shirts, you can throw this cozy cardigan on over your office attire or switch it up with jeans and a v-neck for a night out. We didn’t rate it best overall just for fun. This is a wardrobe layering staple. Material: 55% Wool, 45% Cashmere | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Brown, Gray, Black. Slip on this knitted cardigan, and your mind automatically wanders to eggnog, roast turkey, and roaring fireplaces. If you’re searching for a fun choice on Christmas Day, this cheerful garment is available in over 10 colors. And unlike other festive sweaters, you can actually get away with wearing this one outside your living room and also get it as a Christmas gift. Simply team it with a button-down shirt, slim-fitting jeans, and loafers. You’re ready for any holiday party. Material: 100% Polyester | Sizes Available: S-XXL | Colors Available: Green, Red, Black, +. Bound was founded in 2018, creating striking clothing that bridges the gap between modern menswear and street fashion. The nostalgic pattern will bring you back to your favorite sitcoms—think Carlton from Fresh Prince of Belair. The flattering fit pairs perfectly with dad jeans and sneakers for the ultimate throwback. You should note that dry cleaning is highly suggested, which is a turn-off for some guys. Relying on the washing machine isn’t the end of the world; just make sure to keep it out of the dryer. Material: 52% Cotton, 35% Nylon, 13% Wool | Sizes Available: S-XXL | Colors Available: Black. If you’re a fan of 90s prep, Officine Générale’s ‘Miles’ cardigan is a must-have. Be warned; you’ll look and feel like you belong in the halls of Harvard. This French-made beauty brought comfort and style to a new level. It can be teamed with pretty much any of your wardrobe staples, but we think you’d be missing a trick if you didn’t pair it with an Oxford shirt and chinos. Complete the look with some penny loafers, and you’ll be graduating with an A+. Material: 33% Cotton, 33% Wool, 32% Polyamide, 2% Elastane  | Sizes Available: XS-XL | Colors Available: Off-white. Gucci’s wool cardigan has mass appeal achieved by balancing the look of an old favorite with high-end fashion. It’s a little pricey, but not only does it look expensive, it feels like it too. The weighty knit is ideal for keeping brisk weather at bay. An excellent option for the weekend, it will bring a touch of designer flair to your smart-casual outfits. For a relaxed look, unfasten the buttons and layer it with a polo shirt. Alternatively, you could pair it with a formal shirt if you’re feeling fancy. Whatever you choose, slim-fitting denim and statement sneakers will help complete the look. Material: 100% Wool | Sizes Available: S-XL | Colors Available: Cream. Brunello Cucinelli’s hooded cardigan treads the line between classic and modern perfectly. This versatile knitwear piece is ideal as an in-between-seasons jacket. The thickly ribbed cashmere and down-padded nylon lining make for deceiving warmth. Suitable for casual or semi-formal occasions, it offers more sartorial flair than denim jackets or your average hoodie. A tee and jeans? Trousers and a fine knit jumper? Yes, any non-formal outfit of your choice will be a smart match for this versatile layer. Material: 100% Cashmere | Sizes Available: XS-XXXXL | Colors Available: Navy, White. In true AllSaints style, this cardigan showcases the label’s gritty urban aesthetic, with a rock ’n’ roll edge that looks great with ripped denim and workwear boots. It almost looks like the one grandpa used to wear, but a whole lot cooler. Presented in moss green, it’ll help add a splash of color to your everyday rotation—just don’t team it with anything too formal. It’s made from a wool-alpaca blend yarn that’s been brushed for a textured feel, while the fit is relaxed for maximum comfort and laid-back style. Material: 32% Wool, 32% Alpaca, 30% Recycled Polyamide, 6% Elastane | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Green. Erdem has pretty much created the perfect cardigan (if there was such a thing). Cable-knitted with merino wool and cashmere, it’s streamlined but still offers enough character to give it a timeless feel. Wearable in all seasons, you can team it with a crew neck tee and tailored pants or with jeans and a casual shirt. The styling options are almost endless. Sneakers wouldn’t look out of place, but we think lace-up brogues are the best choice. Material: 47% Merino Wool, 30% Viscose, 15% Polyamide, 8% Cashmere | Sizes Available: XS-XL | Colors Available: Brown. Amazon Essentials is focused on creating high-quality clothing that’s affordable and long-lasting. This classic cardigan proves they’re doing a pretty good job. Every guy needs a reliable basic in the cardigan department. It might not look like anything special, but that’s part of its charm. It’ll slot effortlessly into your current wardrobe and won’t look out of place regardless of what you pair it with. If you can’t decide which color you need, just get one in every option. The price is as close to guilt-free as you can get. Material: 100% Cotton | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Navy, Black, Brown, +. Cardigans have been around forever, but Corridor really cranked up the heat on the tried-and-tested style. Case in point is this eye-catching wardrobe necessity. Knitted with a vibrant overshot pattern, the staple is a must-have for anyone looking to inject some character into their daily rotation. Not just easy on the eye, it’s been made in partnership with a Peruvian workshop that uses locally-sourced yarns and focuses on fair wages for its staff. To complement the playfulness of the design, we recommend keeping the rest of your outfit toned down. A classic roll neck and trousers would be ideal for winter, while a vest and chinos hit the sweet spot in the sunny seasons. Material: 60% Cotton, 35% Alpaca, 5% Polyamide | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Green. For outstanding luxury, comfort, and durability, look no further than Luca Faloni’s zip-up cardigan. It’s on the pricey side, but you can see why. Expertly crafted from a fine silk-cashmere blend, it uses the most prestigious Cariaggi yarn for unrivaled softness. If you’re looking for something to wear underneath a suit or with semi-formal attire, this is your go-to. It’s lightweight and fitted, so it’ll hug the body without feeling restrictive—making it an ideal option for winter weddings or early-morning commutes. If fancy knitwear isn’t your bag, you may want to try something a bit more casual. We think it looks great with formal pants, chinos, shirts, jackets, and blazers. Material: 70% Cashmere, 30% Silk | Sizes Available: XS-XXXL | Colors Available: Oatmeal, Blue, Black. Whether you’re hitting the slopes or fighting sub-zero temperatures, this chunky cardigan from Carharrt WIP promises a whole lot of individuality (while keeping you warm in style). It’ll also serve you well for drinks with friends. Plus, we can damn near guarantee you’ll be the only one wearing it when you show up to brunch. Entirely knitted by hand in Canada, it’s crafted from a weighty wool and features a decorative intarsia pattern, supplying a large dose of character. The shawl collar and ribbed trims just add to the coziness. We suggest finishing the look with relaxed-fit jeans and high-top Chucks to let this sweater stand out. Material: 100% Wool | Sizes Available: XS-XL | Colors Available: Black, Ecru. John Smedley’s luxury knitwear has been designed and manufactured in Derbyshire, England, for over 200 years. During that time, the ‘Petworth’ cardigan stood out as one of the label’s most popular styles. Are we surprised? Hell no. It’s not just versatile but beautifully soft and averse to wrinkling. It’s knitted from extra-fine merino wool that’s not only light enough to wear during summer but surprisingly durable. You should pack it for city breaks and definitely wear it to the office for the best dressed award. We think it works best with a roll neck jumper and blazer. Material: 100% Merino Wool | Sizes Available: S-XXL | Colors Available: Beige, Blue, Black. Expertly crafted from a melangé alpaca-blend, Massimo Alba’s ‘Robert’ cardigan exemplifies casual Italian elegance—pairing well with everything from striped tees to button-down shirts. Boasting a soft and almost fluffy handle, it’s the kind of knitwear you’d don while exploring the Amalfi Coast or roaming the streets of Venice. That’s not to say it won’t look just as good in your home city…. Material: 72% Alpaca, 28% Polyamide | Sizes Available: S-XXL | Colors Available: Blue. When it comes to cardigans for men, there’s one style that many guys reach for more than others, and that’s cashmere. Known for its softness, durability, and breathability, the luxury fabric is a fine choice for those with a little cash to spare. This version from Todd Snyder is the ultimate fall layer. It’s knitted from midweight cashmere that offers just the right amount of warmth without feeling too stuffy. If you’re looking for the perfect partner for suit trousers, you’ve found it. But it can also look just as good with denim or sweats. Material: 100% Cashmere | Sizes Available: XS-XL | Colors Available: Navy, Black, Olive. Available in three classic colors, Asket‘s cardigan is a sleek version of a reliable wardrobe staple. Wear it formally or dressed down—it looks fantastic either way. The full-length zipper replaces buttons, giving it a jacket-like feel that could almost be considered lightweight outerwear. If you’re on a mission to buy clothes with a positive message on improving our environmental impact, this is the brand for you. It’s crafted from 100% traceable merino wool, so you can tell exactly where it’s been made and how much it cost to do so. A cardigan for every season and a conscious friendly purchase. Good deal. Material: 100% Merino Wool | Sizes Available: XS-XL | Colors Available: Charcoal, Navy, Black. Made from eco-friendly cotton, this Frank And Oak cardigan could almost be mistaken for a bomber jacket. So it doubles up as knitwear and a versatile outerwear piece. Bonus. This might be the perfect weekend layer you never knew you needed. It looks just as good with your favorite crew neck tee and chinos as it does with sweatpants and high-top sneakers. What more could you want? Material: 100% Organic Cotton | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Feather Gray. Looking stylish and keeping warm isn’t always an easy task. Fortunately, the shawl collar cardigan is here to solve that issue. With its rolled collar and chunky texture, this layering essential offers instant comfort and maximum style points. Coming from Treasure & Bond, these facts shouldn’t be that surprising. This brand values classic wardrobe staples, and they execute their vision flawlessly. Complete your 40s-style cardigan look with a button-down shirt, jeans, and boots. You can also buy this with confidence knowing part of the profit goes to youth-focused organizations. Material: 92% Acrylic, 8% Wool | Sizes Available: XS-XXL | Colors Available: Navy Heather. While the best men’s cardigans shine during the cooler months, there are plenty of ideal summer options. This one from Inis Meáin is bursting with heritage and a story to tell. It was originally the go-to cardigan for seaweed harvesting farmers. Ireland’s long history of seaweed use continues to this present day, with approximately 40,000 tons of seaweed harvested each year. You’re not required to fly to Ireland and dedicate your life to seaweed, though. This 100% linen layer is light enough for warm days but still reliable as the temperature drops. Meet your new favorite layer for a Breton stripe T-shirt, slim-fit jeans, and sneakers. Seaweed not included. Material: 100% Linen | Sizes Available: S-XXL | Colors Available: Blue. Traditionally, the best men’s cardigans were made from wool. And while this is still very much the case today, they’re also available in fabrics such as cotton. It’s important to remember that not all wools are the same. Some are heavier and better suited for cold weather. Others are finer and light enough for the warmer months. Cashmere and merino generally fall into the latter category, whereas lambswool is your go-to for winter. When choosing the fit of the best cardigans for men, base your decision on the level of formality you’re going for. Generally speaking, the more fitted knitwear is, the smarter it will look. If you want to throw on the best cardigans for men with a casual outfit, you might want to go with a design that offers a relaxed or oversized shape. The price of the best cardigans for men will vary depending on the brand and material. Designer labels will, of course, charge more because fabrics such as cashmere are more expensive than cotton or merino wool. But how much you spend doesn’t necessarily determine the quality. Keep an eye out for the material and any other features that justify bumping up the price—things like softness, comfort, and embellishments. Knowing how to wear a cardigan is just as important as picking the best one. In the right hands, the humble knitwear piece is an integral part of any well-rounded wardrobe. But get it wrong, and you end up looking more pipe-and-slippers than king of cool. As with any successful outfit, the key to sartorial success is balance and confidence. Pair your cardie with reliable staples, and rock it with the kind of swagger Soulja Boy would be proud of. For a timeless look that transcends seasons, we recommend teaming yours with a crew neck tee, chinos, and trainers. Or with a hoodie and dad jeans for something a little more fashion-forward. For a smarter take, use it to add a relaxed touch to formal tailoring. The long-length cardigan is one of the many modern versions of the original classic. A great option for casual affairs, it goes well with complementing garments like jeans and short-sleeved tees. Avoid wearing it with dressier clothing such as suit pants and formal shirts. How a cardigan fits depends on which style you choose. Slim-fit designs will be more tailored, whereas an oversized style will be considerably larger. For argument’s sake, we’re going to assume you’ve picked a regular fit cardigan. To ensure it fits, the shoulder seams should end on top of your shoulder, and the bottom hem will cover your waistline–but not your pockets. The arms should be comfortably loose without being baggy. Meet Eddie By Giddy The Best Way To Boost Your Sex Life. Connect With Timeless Style: Find The Best Nixon Watches and Accessories Here. 51 Gift Ideas: What To Ask For This Christmas (Updated 2023). 22 Best Chains For Men: Necklaces for All Budgets and Styles 2023. 18 Best Blazers for Men: From Casual To Black Tie. 83 Unique Gifts For Men: Our Best Picks in 2023. Get the latest Men’s Style Advice, Evergreen Guides, Shopping Tips, and Exclusive Deals from Today’s Top Brands. I consent to having my information processed in order to receive personalized marketing material via email. Subscribe Now We respect your privacy. We won’t spam you. Copyright © 2023 Solid Ventures, Inc. All Rights Reserved.All products featured on FashionBeans are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. As an Amazon Associate FashionBeans earns from qualifying purchases. The material on this site can not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Solid Ventures, Inc. This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.

The Manual may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. There are multiple things to consider when purchasing new workout apparel. You want to make sure you do your due diligence beforehand. When looking for the optimal workout shirt, functionality often takes precedence over style, for most men. After all, a minimalist cotton t-shirt is ideal, but it won't look (or smell) so great after an hour-long workout, especially if your working out, outdoors. That's why, in the past decade, some of our favorite activewear brands like Lululemon, Vuori, and Under Armour have developed breathable fabrics with moisture-wicking and odor-fighting technology that are now practically must-haves for any exercise gear, especially when it comes to making high-quality shirts. That being said, not all workout tops are created equal. When it comes to finding the right workout fit, make sure it doesn't feel too tight or baggy around your underarms, your shoulders, or across your chest, i.e., the areas you exercise most. We sifted through some of the most popular brands to select the best workout shirts that are as practical as they are fashionable. Here are our top picks for the best men's workout shirts of 2023. Not only is Todd Snyder a force in the high-fashion and suit-tailoring game, but he makes some of the best workout clothes around today. Partnering with the iconic brand Champion, which has been around since the start of the 20th century,  the two brand labels combined to make the best workout attire. His t-shirts are the epitome of lived-in fit, with the perfect cut to accentuate all types of bodies. The definition of stylized performance. Rogue Fitness makes the best workout equipment in the game. From kettlebells to weight plates to barbells, they do it all. And as for their apparel, it's both affordable and optimized for a full range of motion. It's no wonder why so many of the world's best Crossfitters have collaborations with them. Whether you're stretching or lifting weights, you'll need a shirt that won't bunch up and get in the way. That's why we love this short-sleeved tee from Lululemon, which hugs your shoulders and upper arms just right and also has an ultra-breathable fabric that leaves us relatively dry even after our most rigorous workouts. Reigning Champ has slowly been taking over as a cult-like brand amongst those who not only want to look fashionable but have premium quality apparel as well. Their lightweight jersey t-shirt has a kind of slim-fitting silhouette, making your hard work in the gym look even better. We can't stop giving love to Vuori's sustainable shorts, and we found that the brand's tees are just as noteworthy. Namely, this performance tee is made with a perforated knit for maximum breathability. It's light and durable and works well for any workout. Looking to invest in a top-notch running shirt? Might we suggest Tracksmith's gorgeous tee, which comes in an ultra-luxe mesh that moves and feels fantastic. Plus, the sash detailing adds a nice collegiate touch. This may look like your basic white tee on the surface, but it's built for working out. The breathable and flexible fabric makes exercising more bearable. You also get a shirt you can wear daily. One of the thinnest shirts we tested, these were still durable enough to withstand virtually any workout. Plus, it dried more quickly than most of the other tops we tried. Much has been said about Rhone's performance tops, which are made with actual gold, and we're happy to report that they live up to the hype. Take this running shirt, which includes the aforementioned "Midas touch" to ward off unwanted odors, and we found (or smelled, rather) that Rhone's shirt remained relatively odorless compared to its competitors. Looking for a long-sleeved workout shirt? While Hanes is mostly known for its undershirts, underwear, and socks, you can also find a superb line of exercise apparel at a great price.  When it comes to workout shirts for men, these shirts will keep you warm for outdoor cold-weather workouts and protect you from the sun’s UV rays. Gone are the days of the past when finding great-fitting workout tees that would not be able to hold up to high-performance output workouts. This list of the best men's workout t-shirts has an option for every man. If you are a fan of running, then jogging along your favorite trail while you enjoy a beautiful spring or fall day may be one of your favorite things to do. While running outdoors has many physical and mental benefits, it may not always sound like the most enticing idea if you have to deal with winter weather or dark, cold mornings. This may be the optimal time to try some of the best HIIT treadmill workouts and exercise indoors! Treadmill running can be boring and monotonous, with the minutes feeling like they stretch to an eternity. This is probably why some runners lovingly dub this useful piece of exercise equipment a “dreadmill.” Plodding along at a steady pace will mimic a glorious outdoor distance run, but it can make you long for the days of warmer weather and dry roads.
On the other hand, taking on a HIIT treadmill workout can not only boost your fitness and translate to faster race times and better running but also help the workout fly by. While HIIT treadmill workouts can certainly be challenging, they may just be the ticket you need to embrace treadmill running and boost your fitness. Not sure how to get started? Keep reading for our guide to the best HIIT treadmill workouts, and get ready to hit the speed-up arrow. Nearly everyone wants a six-pack, and many people stick to only working the rectus abdominis — the abdominal muscle that runs up the center of your torso. While we want this muscle to be strong, all the core muscles as a group need attention, which means adding some of the best oblique exercises to your ab workout routine!
Having a functionally strong core that effectively provides your body with the support and balance you need to perform both athletic and daily life activities optimally requires all the muscles that comprise your core to be equally strong. Focusing solely on just one or two muscle groups will create imbalances that cannot only detract from your movement efficiency and power but also increase your risk of injury. One of the unsung heroes but key players in the orchestra of ab muscles are the obliques. The obliques are the muscles on the sides of your torso that enable side-to-side bending, torso rotation, and spinal flexion. There are actually two layers (the internal and external obliques), and both layers also play a pivotal role in stabilizing and protecting your spine by resisting excessive rotation of the spine.
Since these are clearly all important functions for everyday life and athletic performance, incorporating exercises that target your obliques into your workouts is critical. Moreover, because the obliques participate in several distinct functions, an effective training program should take a well-rounded approach to strengthen them by including multiple exercises that hit all the different functions and demands of the obliques.
Ahead, we share our best oblique exercises to strengthen and tone your “side abs.” Try incorporating a handful of the moves into your workouts each week, switching up the ones you perform each workout. Have you recently purchased a Peloton as part of your new year promise to adopt a healthier lifestyle? If so, you might be overwhelmed by all the classes available to you— we're here to help. And if you don't have a Peloton? You can still partake. It's understandable that you would think you need the Peloton bike or Tread to participate in a Peloton class. However, you can get access to the best Peloton classes for beginners without this equipment! There is a huge library of on-demand and live-streaming classes that you can do with the exercise equipment you already have at home. This workout app can also be utilized at the gym and provide you with many different guided, motivating, and challenging workouts for a modest monthly fee.
However, if you’re a beginner and new to fitness, Peloton classes and workouts may seem reserved for hardcore, fit athletes and indoor cycling fanatics with quads so chiseled they belong on fitness models. Though many Peloton classes are intense and geared toward experienced riders, yogis, runners, and athletes, some great beginner Peloton classes are perfect for those just getting started. Moreover, you don’t have to hop on an indoor cycle to take advantage of Peloton workouts.
Even though Peloton has essentially become a household name in the indoor cycling or spinning space, the brand's digital membership also offers hundreds of Peloton classes in other exercise modalities and disciplines, including strength, running, yoga, cardio, stretching, and more.
That said, much like how the litany of options on Netflix can make it difficult to settle on something to watch, the sheer number of choices of workouts in the Peloton app can be daunting and overwhelming to newcomers. Fear not—consider us your concierge service, helping you hone in on the best Peloton classes for beginners for each of the primary fitness categories they offer. So, if you’re not sure where to start, keep reading for our recommendations of the best Peloton workouts for beginners. The Essential Guide for MenThe Manual is simple — we show men how to live a life that is more engaged. As our name implies, we offer a suite of expert guides on a wide range of topics, including fashion, food, drink, travel, and grooming. We don’t boss you around; we’re simply here to bring authenticity and understanding to all that enriches our lives as men on a daily basis.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Do-it-all tees to get you through any exercise. WHEN IT comes to finding the right workout shirt, our ratty college T-shirts won't do. The best workout shirts for men are usually made from synthetic fabrics like polyester and nylon that feature BO and sweat-fighting technology to keep you dry and fresh during the most grueling exercises. Some have spandex or elastane to provide stretch for workouts that require a large range of motion (like, say burpees). And of course, all of them look and feel amazing. But with the activewear and athleisure boon of the past five years, finding the right workout shirt in a saturated market can feel overwhelming. That's why we enlisted the help of Men's Health's trainers and fitness experts, and tried over 100 workout shirts (!!!) in the past two years to find the best workout shirts for men. Whether you're looking for a shirt for your long runs or a do-it all tees for your HIIT sessions, these men's workout shirts have you covered (literally). Best Workout Pants for Men | Best Workout Clothes on Amazon | Best Athletic Shorts | Best Gym Shorts | Best Compression Shirts | Best Thermal Shirts. Fabric: Cotton may be the most dependable fabric for regular every-day t-shirts, but cotton holds on to moisture, which makes it a sweat trap, weighing you down. Instead, opt for synthetic, moisture-wicking fabrics like polyester and nylon that are lighter. They can also be woven in special ways that cotton can't to enhance breathability. Synthetic fibers don't bleed and are hard to discolor, so they won't get sweat stains. Some menswear brands are even starting to use finely knit wool for its natural breathability, moisture wicking, and odor-fighting properties. Friction Points: In most clothing, seams are placed where they are easiest to construct the shirt or look the best. However, those places—like under your armpit and along the side of your body—are also high friction areas, especially when working out. Athletic brands have designed t-shirts that minimize the amount of seams and place them in areas that wont be impacted by your movement. Odor Defense: Simply put, your workout clothes get stinky when they hold on to sweat. A whole range of innovations exist that brands claim will fight odor, but the only sure fire way to keep your workout shirts from stinking are to keep them dry and wash them after every use. That means the workout shirts that retain the least amount of sweat are the easiest to keep from stinking. So if odor is a concern for you, look for the shirts that dry the fastest and breath the best. UV Protection: Forward thinking labels are adding UV protection to workout clothes. Sunscreen is great, but even the best sweat-proof kinds can wear off during long and intense outdoor exercises. Not so with UPF clothing, which block UV rays to keep you protected during your entire sweat session, no reapplication necessary. Even the Skin Cancer Foundation has touted the skin-saving benefits of UPF clothing. If you're looking for even more sun protection, look for long-sleeve t-shirts, or hooded tops with UPF features. When it comes to finding the right fit for a workout shirt, ideally you want it to feel like a second skin. Enter Rhone's short sleeve tee, which has a broken-in (while still secure) fit that's loaded with gym-friendly specs like an anti-chafing, moisture-wicking fabric. Plus, it's infused with gold (yes, really) to fend off stink. Taking it outside? It also has a UPF50+ exterior for adequate sun protection. The Reign's suite of features made it an easy cinch for our Men's Health Fitness Awards. Mat Forzaglia, NFPT-CPT, creator of In Time Fitness, has multiple pairs of Rhone's gym tees. "They are comfortable and have enough stretch in them that allows zero restriction," he previous told Men's Health. Read more: Best Moisture-wicking shirts. A week's worth of quality workout shirts can set you back a few hundreds of dollars. Not so with Amazon's in-house brand of workout tees, which cost less than $20 each and have amassed over 1,400 five-star ratings. Customers love its (yes) incredible value, and sun-protecting, moisture-wicking properties. Plus, reviewers say that these shirts accommodate larger guys. Ten Thousand's marquee shirt lives up to its name. Its anti-chafe flatlock seam prevents armpit irritation, and silver ions fend off BO.  Plus, despite the shirt's relatively breezy fit, it's also incredibly durable and holds up even after months of consistent use (and washes). In short, it's a truly versatile workout shirt. This short sleeve compression tee is made with Under Armour’s sweat-wicking HeatGear fabric, which features anti-odor technology to keep you—and your shirt—smelling fresh during sweaty sessions. Also available in sleeveless and long sleeve versions. Read more: Best Compression Shirts for Men. This running tank top from New Balance is made from a tight mesh fabric that provides maximum breathability and sweat shedding. The loose singlet design allows air to flow over your whole body as you move. An extra long back panel allows you to keep the shirt tucked in to reduce drag. Russel has been making workout gear for over a century so they've got more experience than almost anyone else in the business. Their cotton-polyester blend t-shirt is so simple but effective. It does everything you want a workout tee to do and you can wear it in your daily life too. Mountain Harwear built this shirt for those outdoors workouts when you need a little extra protection from the sun and the elements. A three piece hood design provides neck and ear coverage. Thumb holes at the sleeve cuffs keep the sleeves in place during intense movement. The fabric also provides UV protection. If you plan on running or biking at night or early in the morning then visibility is an all too often overlooked factor. This running t-shirt from Kelme not only has a breathable mesh fabric but it comes in a high visibility orange with reflective stripes on the sleeves. Uniqlo designed this t-shirt to minimize friction points. They removed the under arm panel and used a raglan sleeve design. They built in extra breathable points in select spots by altering the knit of the fabric. Long-sleeve tees are great for air-conditioned gyms, but can feel swampy after an hour-long workout. Not so with Nike's bestselling shirt, which has a Dri-Fit material that wicks away moisture even after several washes. Its slim fit makes it ideal to either layer under a T-shirt or wear on its own. One of the lighter tees we've tried, Lululemon's training shirt can still hold up when you want to hit the pavement hard. Sweat-wicking, BO-fighting technology makes it ideal for even outdoor exercises, and it's available in an array of tastefully textured patterns to break up your solid color gym gear. True to its name, Proof's signature tee kept us dry even after the longest workouts. And while most workout tees have that synthetic, slightly-itchy feel, this one is as comfortable as our favorite loungewear, which means you'll want to wear this all day, every day. Read more: Best Online Clothing Stores for Men. If you like your tank tops a bit more fitted, adidas' slim sleeveless shirt has you covered. Made with elastane for extra stretch, customers love how easy it is to move in this shirt. Plus, its moisture-wicking fabric will leave your underarms feeling extra cool. Yes, this Ivy League-inspired shirt is a stunner, but don't let its pretty looks deceive you. It has a moisture-wicking mesh top that offers maximum breathability and movement, so you can wear this even during your hardest sweat sessions. And while other workout shirts we tried ride up after running more than five miles, this one stays perfectly put during our long runs. Outdoor Research built this t-shirt with a unique panel design to place seams where the create the least friction. The fabric is a tight mesh designed for maximum breathability and moisture shedding. Its incredibly light weight but still provides UV protection. For the past two years, we consulted with Men's Health's Fitness and Style on the top workout shirts for men. Experts including our fitness director Ebenezer Samuel, C.S.C.S. and fashion director Ted Stafford put countless men's workout shirts through the wringer to evaluate their fit, support, and effectiveness. We tried them in a variety of settings, from long runs outdoors to hour-long gym workouts. We also considered top-reviewed men's workout shirts that had at least 100 five-star customer ratings on e-commerce websites that we trust. As Men's Health's Deputy Editor, Commerce, Christian Gollayan oversees all shopping content on menshealth.com. He relocated back to New York by way of Portland, where he was the Associate Managing Editor at TheManual.com. Christian's work has also been featured in InStyle, Food & Wine, the New York Post, and Tatler Asia. How to Do the Plyo Pushup. Joseph Baena Shared His 'Pull Day' Workout. Try This 200-Rep Bodyweight Workout Plan. How to Do the Glute Bridge. How Can I Build Up My Weak Legs? Tom Brady Looks Shredded in Shirtless Beach Photos. Watch Kit Connor Crush an Upper Body Workout. The Great Millennial Strength Crisis. The Best Elliptical Machines for Your Home Gym. Mark Wahlberg Shows Off Abs in 4 a.m. Workout. Men's Health Knows There Is Strength in Diversity. Try This Single Kettlebell Training Plan. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

The Mack Weldon Stealth Crew Neck T-Shirt is our top pick. We independently evaluate all recommended products and services. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
 Learn more. Travel + Leisure / Marcus Millan. When it comes to getting ready for your workout, you want to prepare yourself for success — that includes getting a good night’s sleep, eating right, and, of course, considering which clothes you put on, too. A shirt that’s too big will get in the way. A shirt that’s too tight won’t be comfortable. And in today’s modern era of ubiquitous athleisure, we all generally want something we can wear to and from the gym that will also look good as we run errands, meet friends for brunch, and live our lives without having to constantly change outfits. These days, there are seemingly infinite options when it comes to workout shirts for men — but that doesn't mean all workout shirts are created equal. Different materials are better for different activities, and different silhouettes feel more comfortable in different scenarios as well. Then there’s the matter of finding which ones suit you personally. “It’s surprising how many shirts don’t have wide enough shoulders or long enough sleeves to fit properly on an athletic frame,” said Justin Wright, a film producer and CrossFit coach from Boston. “Generally, I look for something breathable, lightweight, and durable.”. The type of workout shirt you should look for depends on the activity you’re doing. Wright, for instance, uses lots of weights in his workout routines, so, personally, he steers clear of tank tops. “I have a couple for summer, but I prefer training in short sleeves,” said Wright. “Part of it is personal preference, but part of it is the type of training I do often has me resting weights on my shoulders — extra material there helps.”. We’ve searched high and low throughout the enormous universe of men’s workout apparel to bring together some of the best options available today. Top honors went to Mack Weldon’s Stealth Crew Neck T-Shirt for its softness, seamless construction, and body mapping mesh panels. But that’s just the beginning — whether you’re a heavy sweater, a yogi, or a runner, here are the best men’s workout shirts for the next time you want to get your pulse racing. Why We Love It: It has a great fit and feel, and body-mapped breathability. What to Consider: Some guys prefer a lighter workout shirt. For a brand known for its insanely comfortable underwear, Mack Weldon also knows a thing or two about making a comfortable workout shirt, too. The Stealth Crew Neck uses a blend of partially recycled nylon and spandex for a t-shirt that is soft but still has structure, and comes with very modern-feeling body-mapped breathable mesh panels. The fit is slim without being tight, and the raglan-style short sleeves make any guy — even those at the beginning of their fitness journey — look positively ripped. We see this shirt performing well in a variety of activities, whether it’s jogging, weight lifting, yoga, or even just running your Saturday errands. Sure, there are more specific types of workout shirts out there depending on which activities you have in mind, but this is a solid starting point that can handle (pretty much) anything. Price at time of publish: $58. Sizes: S to XXL  |  Materials: 37 percent Q-NOVA recycled nylon, 25 percent Q-NOVA nylon, 28 percent polyester, 10 percent spandex. Why We Love It: It’s made from a lightweight, durable mesh. What to Consider: Sizes run on the smaller side, so consider sizing up. Real runners know. This Boston-based running brand has built a cult following around the world for its high-performance pieces that have a retro look and feel, and the Van Cortlandt Tee is a perfect introduction to the brand. Cut from Tracksmith’s proprietary “2:09 mesh,” it’s made from Oeko-Tex-certified non-toxic materials and comes in a slightly relaxed fit that keeps the air circulating around the body even on your longest, sweatiest runs. Plus, with that signature sash design as a throwback to the most iconic track teams of yore, it’s bound to make you feel like an elite runner — even if you’re just building up to your first mile. Price at time of publish: $72. Sizes: XS to XXL  |  Materials: 82 percent polyester, 18 percent spandex with antimicrobial finish. Why We Love It: This shirt offers excellent UPF protection while still feeling breathable. What to Consider: The fit offers a little more coverage than most workout shirts. When the weather is good and you simply need to take your workout outdoors, consider some sun protection with a shirt that offers built-in UPF — that way you’re not slathering on sunblock and then sweating it all off. Coolibar was the first clothing company to receive the Skin Cancer Foundation’s “Seal of Recommendation” for its fabrics, which use zinc oxide integrated into the material to block harmful sun rays. These shirts are reasonably priced and come in a range of colors to choose from. Price at time of publish: $39. Sizes: S to XL tall  |  Materials: Cotton, viscose. Why We Love It: We love that it comes at an accessible price point, and has lots of color options to choose from. What to Consider: There’s nothing particularly stand-out about this shirt's look. For less than the price of what your lunch probably cost today, you could start stocking up on these workout tees. And while the overall look and feel might seem more simple than shirts that cost five or six times the price, this shirt is not without functionality: it’s made from a moisture-wicking fabric that dries quickly, has flat seams to minimize chafing during your workouts, and is odor resistant so you can leave the gym with confidence. We also love that it comes in so many different colors — and at an entry-level price, anyone can afford to buy at least a few. Price at time of publish: $12. Sizes: S to XXL  |  Materials: Moisture-wicking, quick-drying fabric. Why We Love It: It has a million-dollar feel. What to Consider: The price is on the steeper side. We love the Reigning Champ Solotex Mesh T-Shirt from Mr. Porter, which offers the perfect blend of style and functionality. It features four-way stretch so your movement will never be restricted, and it’s made from a lightweight, breathable Solotex® Mesh fabric ideal for working out. Plus, it comes in two flattering colors that can take you from the gym straight out to lunch. Note, however, that a luxury workout shirt undoubtedly comes at a luxury price point. Price at time of publish: $95. Sizes: S to XXL  |  Materials: 100 percent polyester. Why We Love It: There’s nothing this tank can’t do. What to Consider: The Swoosh logo comes in tone-on-tone stitching, which may not be to everyone’s tastes. Who does just one style of workout these days? It seems like most active people love to dip in and out of running, cycling, weight lifting, yoga, and more — and this versatile style stands up to all of them. It’s a standard fit that’s not too loose or too snug, and it’s made from Nike’s popular Dri-Fit material which stays dry and comfortable even during the toughest workouts. Plus, it comes in a huge run of sizes so any guy can find the perfect fit. Price at time of publish: $55. Sizes: XS to 4XL tall  |  Materials: At least 50 percent sustainable materials. Why We Love It: It has engineered heat-mapping panels. What to Consider: Some people may shy away from the branding. Sweat-prone guys, this one's for you. Moisture-wicking workout shirts are a dime a dozen these days, but this Gymshark tee takes things to the next level. Not only does it have a solid foundation of lightweight moisture-wicking material to quickly pull sweat away from your body, but it also has strategically engineered heat-mapping panels that provide extra ventilation — and even some visible ventilation micro holes — for added airflow. Price at time of publish: $26. Sizes: XS to 3XL  |  Materials: 82 percent nylon, 18 percent polyester. Why We Love It: This might just be the softest workout tank on the planet. What to Consider: It only comes in three colors. “Vuori makes the best activewear and athleisure I’ve ever worn, in my opinion,” said Wright. Indeed, this California-born brand has been one of the great success stories in the athleisure space in recent years. We love this tank top for its buttery smooth feel which lends itself to both gym sessions and afternoons at the beach, and the shoulders offer the ideal amount of coverage that is neither too wide nor too narrow. If you’re in search of something that keeps your arms free — or better yet, shows off those hard-earned muscles — give this piece a go. Price at time of publish: $48. Sizes: S to XXL  |  Materials: 96 percent polyester, 4 percent elastane. Why We Love It: We can’t get enough of the super soft, abrasion-resistant fabric. What to Consider: The price is a little steep. Finding a workout shirt with the right long sleeves can be a challenge — sometimes they’re too long, sometimes they’re too short, and sometimes the fabric is just not comfortable enough that you want to wear it on the entire length of your arm. None of the above are an issue with this Lululemon style. It’s moisture-wicking and stink resistant, which makes it not only a wonderful workout tee, but also a great option for long haul journeys on chilly airplanes. Price at time of publish: $68. Sizes: XS to XXL  |  Materials: 40 percent Pima cotton, 37 percent nylon, 13 percent lyocell, 10 percent lycra. Why We Love It: This shirt harnesses the natural temperature-regulating powers of merino wool. What to Consider: You’ll want to line-dry this one if you want it to last. For those chilly morning runs and outdoor workout sessions, enlist the natural powers of merino wool. Tracksmith’s Harrier Long Sleeve keeps you warm even when it’s completely drenched with sweat, and then dries quickly and resists odor between washes for longer than you’d ever thought possible. Yes, it’s a premium price point over and above other cold weather workout tees, but the Harrier is an investment that, if you find yourself working out in cold climates often, will pay dividends for years to come. Price at time of publish: $84. Sizes: XS to XXL  |  Materials: 89 percent merino wool, 11 percent nylon. Why We Love It: It’s made from super lightweight, extremely breathable mesh. What to Consider: Tank tops aren’t everyone’s preferred style. When you’re working out in the heat, it’s important to find a workout shirt that doesn’t skip a beat. This Nobull tank is made from a featherweight breathable mesh, and allows for plenty of air circulation and moisture-wicking to keep you dry even during the most intense workouts. Price at time of publish: $42. Sizes: S to XL  |  Materials: 90 percent polyester, 10 percent spandex jacquard. Why We Love It: This is an incredibly soft, flexible tank. What to Consider: It isn’t sweat-wicking. When it comes to downward dogs and building up to those complex backbends and gravity-defying inversions, you’ll want a super soft, jersey tank that keeps up with your every move. If your workout includes heated yoga, where sweating is more of a concern, you may find this jersey material gets a little heavy when it sops with sweat. But if comfort and flexibility are your priorities, you’ll find there’s no pose you can’t reach in this lightweight, muscle-style tank. Price at time of publish: $48. Sizes: S to XXL  |  Materials: Soft sueded tri-blend jersey. Why We Love It: The fabric feels great, and it’s good for the planet, too. What to Consider: The design may be a little too basic for some. Part of the brand’s bestselling Prana Basis collection, this lightweight style is not only a comfortable workout shirt, it’s a Fair Trade Certified piece made from organic cotton and recycled poly fibers. Prana gets the proportions of cotton and poly just right — meaning it has the soft feel of cotton so many people love, but it has enough of the poly blend to stand up to many, many cycles through your washing machine. Buying this piece is a guilt-free experience, and at an affordable price point, you can feel good about stocking up on multiple colors, too. Price at time of publish: $35. Sizes: XS to XXL  |  Materials: 60 percent organic cotton, 40 percent recycled polyester. Why We Love It: It utilizes GoldFusion anti-odor technology. What to Consider: It’s priced on the premium side. Introducing the workout shirt of the future. The Reign tee from the high-performing brand Rhone is crafted from an incredibly soft nylon poly jersey fabric, and features raglan sleeves for free range of motion. It also comes with seriously functional aspects including UPF 50+ sun protection for those outdoor workouts, and GoldFusion technology that keeps any and all odors at bay — wear it to the gym, then wear it to brunch without missing a beat. Price at time of publish: $68. Sizes: XS to XXL  |  Materials: Nylon poly jersey blend. Why We Love It: This shirt offers powerful compression, comes at the right price, and has an inclusive size run. What to Consider: It has been known to lose compression over time. Compression pieces such as this one are the reason Under Armour is such a global phenomenon. Find all the support you need from this highly compressive piece, which optimizes performance and recovery. It’s made from a gravity-defying four-way stretch material that moves in every direction, and it wicks sweat away in the blink of an eye. If you’re looking for a highly dependable piece that follows your training journey every step of the way, look no further. Price at time of publish: $35. Sizes: XS to 5XL  |  Materials: 90 percent polyester, 10 percent elastane. We’ve come a long way from scratchy, low-performing workout clothes made from 100 percent cotton — today, workout clothes offer a huge spectrum of functionalities. When you’re narrowing your selection, look for special features such as sweat-wicking fibers that pull sweat away from your body, odor control so you can feel confident your gym attire isn’t offending anyone else, and UV protection to keep harmful sun rays at bay. The matter of fit largely comes down to personal preference and body type, but it’s also worth considering what you’re going to wear the shirt for. Do you want it to offer a compression fit to increase muscle performance, or at least a tighter fit so it doesn’t chafe while you’re running? Or do you want a regular fit so you can wear the same t-shirt to the gym as you do for your weekend errands? Others, still, might want more of a baggy fit so the body can move unencumbered while lifting weights or practicing yoga. There is no right or wrong answer here, and it largely depends on what kind of workout you plan on doing. That being said, cotton — while known as one of the softer shirt materials — tends to lock in moisture, which can make the shirt feel heavy, and stink once you start to sweat. Instead, look for blended materials that offer sweat-wicking properties and a bit of stretch for optimal workout performance. It all comes down to how often you’re going to workout each week, and what kind of climate you’re working out in. If you are a regular user of indoor gyms, for instance, you can probably get by with three or four gym shirts in your rotation. If you are more of an adventurous type who likes staying active in a range of indoor and outdoor scenarios in various climates, you’ll need a few more options ready to go. For this story, commerce writer Todd Plummer combed through market research, referenced product descriptions, and touched on his own personal experience to create a comprehensive roundup of the best workout shirts for men. Love a great deal? Sign up for our T+L Recommends newsletter and we’ll send you our favorite travel products each week. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Everyone’s concept of the perfect bathing suit is different. For some, it’s all about the fit and comfort of the fabric and straps. For others, it’s the fun, bright colors and fashion-forward details. But regardless of what you prioritize most, the best swimsuit brands emphasize styles that make you feel good in your body. While it can be easy to be overwhelmed with all the options out there, a good strategy is to focus on the features that matter most to you and create a flattering silhouette. That might mean looking for suits with bust support, a long-torso fit or statement-making designs and patterns. Then, consider the price point, and what feels right for your budget. The best swimsuit brands don't sacrifice fit and comfort for style. Now that travel season is in full swing, you’ll likely need a new swimsuit (or two) for trips to the pool, beach or your vacation destination. Ahead, the best swimsuit brands that consistently get top marks in terms of performance and style. These brands are known for making some of the most comfortable and versatile options out there, from itty-bitty bikinis to one-piece tanks and more. Summersalt’s extensive range of swimsuits includes one-pieces, bikinis and tankinis in sizes zero to 24 with smart details that offer support and flatter your body. Look for suits with compression, diagonal seaming, adjustable straps and built-in cups, all cut from eco-friendly materials, including recycled polyamide. A champion of the female form, New York-based designer Norma Kamali has been  crafting beautifully-designed beachwear since 1974. Known for body-conscious silhouettes, bold fabrics and cutout details, her one-pieces enhance your curves and are versatile enough to be worn beyond the beach, too. Solid And Striped translates swim trends into a variety of wearable styles, fits, fabrics and patterns. From high-rise suits complete with a built-in belts to cut-out one-pieces, this label is anything but basic beachwear. Like its yoga pants, Lululemon’s swim pieces can withstand a serious workout yet also look great when worn more casually. The inclusive range of one-pieces work well for a variety of body types, whether you’re tall or short, or have narrow or broad shoulders. Precision details—adjustable straps, removable cups, low-cut leg coverage—ensure a super comfy fit. Direct-to-consumer swim brand Andie puts a huge focus on fit, conducting wear tests with thousands of women and offering a 12 question fit quiz to help you find your ideal size. From there, you can filter one- and two-piece suits with specific criteria, such as high bust support or long torso silhouettes, and sizes extend from XS to 3X. The High Waisted Bottom is a bestseller and looks great with the Wynwood Top (shown), or if that’s sold out, the Valencia Top. Carve swimsuits are sustainably made out of recycled plastic bottles and coconut husks, which creates a fast-drying material. The modern range is made for real bodies with a variety of fits—there are 17 different styles of tops and 12 styles of bottoms you can choose from—and many have reversible prints as an added bonus. Founded by two fashion friends, Faithfull The Brand is designed, sourced and produced ethically in Bali, Indonesia, where their pieces are handmade locally. The swimwear features vintage-inspired prints, flattering shapes and unique silhouettes, which have earned them a fast following among stylish influencers. Frankies Bikinis was launched 10 years ago by a Malibu-based mother-daughter duo, and their designs range from skin-baring basics in classic colors to pieces with fun embellishments like ruffles and embroidery. All bikinis are sold as separates—tops and bottoms come in different coverage options. With options in sizes four through 40 and a thorough fit guide, Swimsuits For All makes it easy to shop by shape (like hourglass or pear), solutions (bust support), silhouette and more. Fashion-minded collaborations with influencers like Ashley Graham and Gabi Fresh bring more trend-driven pieces to the plus-size swim space. Target’s in-house swim brand has a huge selection of staple and stand-out options in every style imaginable — from solid string bikinis and lace swim shorts to patterned one-pieces and embroidered cover-ups — all for around $40. The collection emphasizes size inclusivity, with many styles available in XS through 26W. Madewell’s swimsuits are not only chic twists on classic styles, but most of them are made of sustainable recycled fabrics that feature 50 UPF sun protection. The collection goes up to size 4X and offers a support range from light to full. Some styles also have adjustable straps or removable cups for an ideal fit. Good American is known for their size-inclusive approach to fashion, swimwear included. The suits and separates comes sizes 00 to 24 and every piece is shown on three size ranges of models to make it easier to narrow down the options and eliminate the guesswork of online shopping. The collection also emphasizes high-quality fabrics and innovative fits; the Sculpt Boy Short has compression fabric to sculpts your body while comfortably holding you in. TA3’s swimsuits are different. They feature lace-up construction in the back for the perfect fit and are made from an ultra-matte fabric so you can wear them as swimsuits or bodysuits (you might have seen the brand’s popular styles on your social feeds). The Lacey, for example, is designed to comfortably smooth and sculpt the midsection and lift the bust. Spanx brings their shapewear expertise to the swim space with sleek, body-slimming designs. The collection is made of double-layer fabrics that hug the skin without squeezing. Plus, all suits come standard with 50+ UPF sun protection and built-in water and chlorine resistance for added durability. Shapermint’s swim line has inclusive sizing—up to 4XL—and features different design details to address target areas, like ruching for waist definition or ruffle overlays to minimize the bust. Their generous 60-Day Fit Guarantee with free exchanges and easy returns makes for a low-pressure swimwear shopping experience. With a wide, varied selection including everything from solid-colored, one-piece staples to punchy patterns, and fresh takes on classics thanks to ruffles, color-blocking, cut-outs and one-shoulder styles, Aerie has something for everyone. Regardless of what you choose, a tank or bikini set won’t set you back more than $60, with most of the selection largely available around the $30 mark. Pair any of the bikini tops (square neck, string tie or triangle) with bottoms (high-rise hipster, string or classic briefs) for a look that’s sleek and comfortable. The triangle bikini tops, for example, feature removable pads and an adjustable tie-back closure, and the briefs provide adequate butt coverage. All the swimsuits are made from 82% regenerated nylon and have quick-dry, fade-resistant properties. Similar to the clothing and accessories, Mango’s swimsuits offer a lot of quality for the price. The line features beautifully-cut one-pieces and bikinis with thoughtful details, such as the scalloped-trim edges, cut-outs and asymmetrical designs, all between $30 to $80—and keep an out for regular sales, too. Skims’s swimwear collection focuses on inclusivity just like their popular shapewear line. Sizes range from XXS to 4X, and the unique color palette of neutrals, metallics and jewel tones provide an opportunity to mix and match separates. Pullover and tie styles offer the right mix of support, style and comfort. J.Crew helped invent the concept of mix-and-match swimwear decades ago, and brand still excels at it. Tops and bottoms come in a variety of basic-but-chic silhouettes, from bandeaus to high-cut briefs, and sizes are inclusive, ranging from XXS to 3X. The one-pieces are particularly flattering, with ruching and curved necklines. Activewear giant Athleta makes great swimwear to be active in or just relax in. The brand offers super comfortable bikinis in an assortment of designs that you can mix and match, along with one-piece suits and rash guards. The durable fabrics and supportive silhouettes accommodate a broad range of cup and bottom sizes, too. Australian swimwear brand Form And Fold, which is available in DD to G cup sizes, follows lingerie sizing and construction techniques to give their suits extra support, which is great for a full bust. Their online Fit Quiz helps you narrow down the options that are best for your body type and each style is fit tested up to 20 times before it’s launched. Cosabella brings the same attention to detail to their swimwear as they do their luxury lingerie. Color-tested for durability, their swimsuits come in Curvy sizing that’s designed for larger busts and features helpful details like molded cups, extra support bands below the bust and convertible straps. Launched in 2015, Cupshe has become wildly popular for their affordable, on-trend swimsuits, which fit well and come in a variety of colors and silhouettes. Sizes range from XS to XXL and everything is priced under $60. The V-Neck Shirring suit is a bestseller, with more than 16,000 reviews and is great to throw in your suitcase for a quick beach vacation or day at the pool. Miraclesuit designs one-piece tanks, takinis and swim clothing with a focus on figure-flattering designs that are comfortable to wear. You can shop by bra size (up to 24W), which is helpful when buying online, and the range is inclusive, running from size 6 to 18. The only downside is that the swimsuits often sell out so if you see a style you like, don’t hesitate for too long. Amazon’s top choice for swimsuit brands, American Trend is a reliable option for modern basics that fit well and won’t put a dent in your wallet. You can shop everything from one-piece tanks with tummy control support built in to ruffled takinis in chic prints to classic bikinis you’ll reach for again and again. Many of the suits have hundreds of reviews and close to five-star ratings, which so you can add to your cart with confidence (and just in case, everything is returnable in its original condition). Known for its classic shapes, sophisticated colorways and high-tech materials, French label Eres is a favorite among stylish women. The pieces feature a variety of shapes and coverage levels and provide support where needed to enhance the female shape. The shades flatter dark to light skin tones as well. Australian brand Zimmermann is known for their luxe bohemian beachwear, which often features gorgeous prints and patterns, inspired by sun-soaked locales and dreamy palettes. Look for everything from batik to botanical designs on well-crafted one- and two-pieces that look chic in the water and poolside. L*Space makes the kind of swimwear that stands out. The brand has endless options, from florals and tie-dye to vibrant solids and neutral basics, in virtually every silhouette. Sizes range from XS to XL, with prices starting at $70 for individual pieces. Swimwear designer Lisa Marie Fernandez is an expert at bold silhouettes, especially surf-inspired maillots and high-waist bikinis cut from elegant fabrics, such as crepe, seersucker and cotton terry. Intended to be worn in any setting, each piece is versatile enough to translate easily from the beach to cocktails. Perfect to indulge your cottage-core fantasies, LoveShackFancy designs swimsuits with their signature floral patterns. One-pieces and bikinis make a statement whether you wear them to the beach or layer under blazers or with flowy skirts. Details such as adjustable spaghetti straps, deep v-neck fronts and crisscross backs create comfortable fits while vertical seaming provides a flattering effect. If given the choice between trying on swimwear in a store or at home, most people would choose the latter. It’s a more relaxing experience when you don’t have to deal with a cramped dressing room, unnatural lighting and mirrors that can alter your appearance. The other benefit: You’ll have more choices. A store can only carry so much inventory but shopping online means a wider selection of styles, sizes, colors and price points. The challenge, of course, is that you can’t try on anything before buying. Most brands and retailers offer size charts—if they don’t, you’ll want to seriously consider how much you love the suit. Unless the brand has a simple return process (for example, free returns with shipping labels included and convenient drop-off points) or an extensive database of reviews for you to read, it’s hard to accurately guess your size. Focus on three key measurements: your bust, waist and hips (which should be taken at the widest part of your rear.) For the most accurate sizing, take your measurements with the tape resting comfortably against your skin—you want to be able to breathe normally in your bathing suit, after all. In general, swim fabrics stretch a bit when wet so if you’re in between sizes, it can be wise to size down or stay true to your size. That’s if you plan on actually swimming and getting wet in your suit, which is not always the case (lounging by the pool or wearing your bathing suit as part of your outfit are occasions you might not take the plunge). In this situation, sizing up can help you feel more comfortable in fitted silhouettes since the natural stretching process won’t happen in the water. But this largely comes down to your preferences, and if you plan to be both wet and dry, stick to your usual size. For even more great deals on swimsuits, check out Forbes Coupons. You can find big discounts from brands like Intermix and Fashion Nova.

We love Summersalt’s Sidestroke suit for its versatility. We independently evaluate all recommended products and services. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
 Learn more. From bikinis, tankinis, one-piece suits, rash guards, and more, finding the best swimsuit can seem overwhelming. To simplify your search, focus on shopping for your body type, style, and the types of activities you’ll be doing in your suit. If you mainly plan to lounge poolside, try a chic designer piece. If you’ll be playing sand volleyball or ripping through the waves on a jet ski, you might want a suit that’s a bit more athletic. We love the Summersalt Sidestroke swimsuit because of their inclusive sizing – they have an entire size range for those with long torsos – and the quality stands up season after season. Plus, the one-shoulder look adds style to a suit that’s built to last. Here are the best swimsuits for women to help you soak up the sun. Why We Love It: We love the compression and wide size range. What to Consider: There are no cups or padding in the bust. The Summersalt brand is known for killer swimsuits, so it’s no surprise that The Sidestroke is our overall winner. Summersalt’s sizing ranges from 0 to 26, the suits range from sporty to feminine, and they even have an entire collection of suits for women with longer torsos. The Sidestroke suit offers great compression to make you feel secure while in the water, and it comes in numerous colors and prints. It has full coverage for your backside and supports your bust completely. We love that the one-shoulder design adds a fun strappy detail. Price at time of publish: $95. Sizes: 0-26 | Materials: 78% recycled polyamide, 22% elastane. Why We Love It: High-waisted bottoms offer coverage while cutouts provide style. What to Consider: The suit may fit a little loose in some areas depending on your body type. Technically a one-piece, the Midnight Rise swimsuit from BOLD actually looks like a stylish two-piece with its large cutout in the front and slightly open back. It’s made from biodegradable Amni Soul Eco yarn — a polyamide yarn that biodegrades in around five years when disposed of in landfills. For comparison, other synthetic materials can take around 50 years to break down. The suit is also made with non-toxic dyes, uses minimal water during production, and local Brazilian artisans use the excess fabric waste to create upcycled rugs and mats. BOLD is a BIPOC- and women-owned business as well. Price at time of publish: $160. Sizes: S-XL  | Materials: Amni Soul Eco yarn. Why We Love It: The V seam in the front adds flair. What to Consider: You’ll need to size up, as these run small. High-waisted bottoms are great for tummy control, and this pair from Aerie is cute and functional. The fabric is ribbed for added style, and the crossover waistband with a V seam provides a flattering detail. The bottoms hit right below the navel, while still providing a cheeky fit with a high-cut leg. It’s also available in four trendy colors. Price at time of publish: $35. Sizes: XXS-XXL  | Materials: 85% nylon, 15% elastane. Why We Love It: The plunging neckline and ruching in the midsection makes for a sexy yet supportive suit. What to Consider: The bust only provides moderate support. For those looking for an affordable and stylish swimsuit, a one-piece is a great idea, as you’ll save money buying a single suit rather than two separate pieces. This one from Cupshe is great for tummy control and has ruching around the middle for a flattering look. The plunging halter neckline is feminine, and the tie allows you to adjust the suit to the perfect fit. Removable cups provide bust support, and full bottom coverage makes you feel secure. If you’re not into the tropical print, other colors and prints are available instead. Price at time of publish: $30. Sizes: XS-3XL  | Materials: 80% nylon, 20% spandex. Why We Love It: The embroidered details are a show stopper. What to Consider: Sunscreen can ruin the fabric. Looking to turn some heads while at the beach? This floral number from Agua by Agua Bendita will do the trick. Not only is the orange and floral combination stunning, the piece is actually hand embroidered, which takes 26 hours to complete. The top has underwire support and is made with recycled polyester. Hand washing this piece is suggested, as is limiting exposure to sunscreen chemicals to avoid damage. Price at time of publish: $300. Sizes: XS-XL  | Materials: 81% recycled polyester, 19% Lycra. Why We Love It: We love this fun and flirty take on a traditional triangle top. What to Consider: Coverage is minimal. We absolutely adore this itsy-bitsy, teenie-weenie, yellow, crocheted top bikini! The top isn’t too busy, which works well for those with smaller busts. The triangle top is crocheted and ties at the neck and back in a classic bikini top style, while the matching bottoms are also crocheted with string ties at the hips, making for a cheeky bottom. This suit works great for those with small busts, but it may be too revealing for those with larger chests. Price at time of publish: $98. Sizes: XS-XL | Materials: Cotton. Why We Love It: There’s an extremely expansive size range for large busts, from 30DD to 38I. What to Consider: The bottoms are low-waisted. Bigger busts need more support, and that’s exactly what you get with this suit from ASOS. Sizes start at DD and go up to I, and the ruffle detailing across the top, shoulders, and the hips on the bottom add a cute touch. The top clasps in the back, and the bottoms are cheeky. Padded cups and underwire in the top offer support, as do adjustable straps. Hand washing this suit is recommended. Price at time of publish: $32. Sizes: 30DD-38I  | Materials: 80% polyamide, 20% elastane. Girlfriend Collective. Why We Love It: This suit is simple and comfortable. What to Consider: It only offers low to medium support. Girlfriend Collective not only has an impressive range of sizes, but also delivers excellent products, and many of them are eco-friendly. This sporty bikini top is simple and cute, with adjustable crisscross straps in the back and a triangular cut in the front. It’s made with regenerated nylon with a bit of spandex for stretch and comfort, and goes all the way up to size 6XL. It comes with removable cups in case you want to add a little more support, and the material is UPF 50+ for added sun protection. Price at time of publish: $50. Sizes: XXS-6XL | Materials: 78% ECONYL® regenerated nylon, 22% spandex. Why We Love It: The eco-friendly material coupled with rigorous testing means you’re getting a great product. What to Consider: There’s not a lot of support for larger busts. Everlane is our pick for the best one-piece for several reasons. This suit style was tested on 112 women to ensure that it is comfortable, flattering, and stays put while you’re moving around. Even better, it (and every other suit in Everlane’s swim collection) is made with regenerated nylon fiber sourced from nylon waste (think: fishing nets, fabric scraps, carpet flooring, and industrial plastic) that would otherwise pollute the Earth. The V-neck gives the piece style, while a built-in shelf bra, removable pads, and wide straps offer support. Price at time of publish: $70. Sizes: XXS-XXL | Materials: 82% ECONYL® regenerated nylon, 18% elastane. Why We Love It: We appreciate the flattering crisscross design. What to Consider: It’s only available in one color. Maternity swimwear is often basic and dull, but that’s not the case with this suit from Motherhood. The blue floral print is cute and feminine, and the fabric offers UPF 50+ sun protection. This racerback suit has crisscross ruffles at the bust and waist that highlight your belly bump, and the ruffles throughout add a bit of extra daintiness. Price at time of publish: $60. Sizes: XS-XL | Materials: 80% nylon, 20% spandex. Why We Love It: The classic style is perfect for any occasion. What to Consider: You can’t order different sizes for the top and bottom, you’ll have to choose one size for the whole set. Looking for a sexy statement piece for beach and pool days? This suit from Suvimunga is a stunner. This classic triangle bikini comes in 28 colors and features a Brazilian-cut top with removable padding for extra support. The matching string bikini bottoms offer more coverage than you might expect, which makes for a flattering fit. As with all string bikinis, those with larger busts may find this suit a bit too revealing. Price at time of publish: $40. Sizes: XS-XXL | Materials: 82% nylon, 18% spandex. Why We Love It: This suit offers support while remaining fashionable. What to Consider: The swimsuit is one size fits most, which might not work for everyone. Hunza G has lots of cutout swimsuit options, but we love this one for its scooped back and adjustable neck tie. It offers full-bust support and classic coverage on the bum, and the ring that connects the bust cups adds a stylish detail. We appreciate this suit’s crinkled fabric, which adds texture and helps hide flaws. Hunza G’s universal size fits UK sizes 6-16 and offers stretch as well. It’s also available in three colors. Price at time of publish: $240. Sizes: One size fits most  | Materials: Elastane. Why We Love It: The Lycra spandex is reliable for any watersport. What to Consider: The fabric might fade without proper care. This suit from Lands’ End has an entire petite range of sizes, plus it’s made from Lycra Xtra Life spandex that lasts up to 10 times longer than suits made with regular spandex. You won’t have to worry about wearing it in a chlorine pool, the ocean, using sunscreen with it, or getting it sweaty, as this suit is extremely high quality and can withstand it all. It also has UPF 50 sun protection, and bra cups for extra support. Three different patterns are available. Price at time of publish: $50. Sizes: 2-18 | Materials: 73% nylon, 27% spandex. Why We Love It: There’s a separate sizing section for long torsos. What to Consider: It doesn’t offer a lot of bust support. Andie has an entire line of swimwear for women with long torsos, and The Malibu is especially sporty and cute. The snap-front neckline keeps things playful, and the underbust elastic gives you added lift. Removable cups provide shape as well. The fabric is compressive to give you support, but comfy enough to wear for long periods of time. There’s a medium amount of bottom coverage, so it’s a bit cheeky but still offers enough coverage to make you feel comfortable. It's available in lots of colors and prints, too. Price at time of publish: $98. Sizes: XS-XXXL | Materials: 82% nylon and 18% spandex. Why We Love It: The ruffled silhouette gives a slimming look. What to Consider: The bra pads are not removable. This tiered tankini not only offers full tummy coverage, but also provides a slimming appearance with its ruffled silhouette and V neckline. It’s made from stretchy spandex for optimal comfort, and sewn-in cups give you extra support. Adjustable straps are also handy, and UPF 50+ sun protection keeps you safe from sunburns. It comes in various colors and prints, and in a wide range of sizes. Price at time of publish: $32. Sizes: S-3XL | Materials: 95% polyester, 5% spandex. Why We Love It: The simple design is super versatile. What to Consider: You’ll want to size up, as the suit runs small. Styled like a sports bra, this top is great for active days on the water or for those wanting something simple and casual. The larger-sized tops (10-12) are made to accommodate D to DD cup sizes, and those with smaller cup sizes can actually wear the top backward for more cleavage. It's made from stretchy EcoRib fabric developed from nylon fabric scraps to save on oil and water. The underbust band provides support, and the matching bottoms are high-waisted and cheeky. There are lots of colors and prints to choose from. Price at time of publish: $160. Sizes: XS-XL | Materials: 83% recycled nylon, 17% Lycra. Why We Love It: The recycled material is great for the planet and keeps you protected from the sun. What to Consider: The material is thin, with no chest support. A rash guard is a spandex and nylon long-sleeve or short-sleeve athletic shirt made for the water. It protects you from abrasion rashes and sunburns when you are out on the water for long periods of time. Rash guards are often worn by surfers and those who spend lots of time doing watersports. This Roxy’s Essentials rash guard is long-sleeved for extra sun protection, and it’s made from recycled plastic bottles with a back-zip closure. UPF 50 sun protection is built into this suit, and a rounded scoop neck keeps you comfortable. This rash guard is one piece, so you don’t have to worry about pairing it with bottoms. Price at time of publish: $96. Sizes: XS-XXL | Materials: 86% recycled polyester, 14% elastane. Why We Love It: The ruching design is super slimming. What to Consider: The leg cut is low rather than high, which can be uncomfortable for those with shorter legs. Ruching from top to bottom makes this one-piece suit slimming while showing off your curves. It comes with removable straps, so you have the option to attach them for a completely different look. The bust is fully lined and has padding to give you support, and numerous colors and prints are available. The bum has full coverage so you can feel confident and comfortable however you decide to wear this suit. Price at time of publish: $28. Sizes: S-3X | Materials: 82% nylon, 18% spandex. Why We Love It: Feel safe and relaxed knowing you’re fully supported. What to Consider: The clasp is made of plastic, not metal. Whether you have a small or extra-large cup size, The Balconette top from Cuup is here for you. It comes with wide-set straps for ultimate support, and a straight neckline that allows you to move in comfort. The top lifts and separates your bust, and the underwire is flexible while still offering added support. The material used is regenerated nylon, upcycled from fishing nets, discarded fabrics, and recycled nylon products. The material is safe for chlorine, salt water, and sunscreen, and it's fade resistant with UPF 50 sun protection. Four colors are available. Price at time of publish: $98. Sizes: 30A-42H | Materials: 78% recycled ECONYL® polyamide, 22% elastane. Why We Love It: The high-waist bottoms and supportive top are a comfy yet cute combination. What to Consider: The cups are not removable. For a truly vintage-looking suit, you can’t go wrong with this red-and-white polka dot number from Swimsuits for All. Sizes 26-34 come with front-lined tummy control in a high-waisted brief, and sewn-in, wire-free cups give you added support. There’s also boning on the side of the bra top for extra support, too. The self-tie halter style allows you to wear this suit as loose or tight as you want, and full-bottom, high-waist coverage keeps you feeling secure. The back clasps are closed with two G hooks for a secure fit. Price at time of publish: $97. Sizes: 4-24 | Materials: 82% nylon, 18% spandex. It’s important to shop for suits that work well with your body type, as this will give you an optimal fit and keep you comfortable and secure. For example, if you’re wanting tummy control and padded cups, you probably shouldn’t be looking for a string bikini with no support whatsoever. Common features in swimsuits include tummy control bottoms, removable or sewn-in cups in tops, full coverage and cheeky bottoms, underwire support, and higher waistlines. Find the fit that works best for your body. If you’re not sure what size you need, grab a body measuring tape and take your measurements. Then use the brand’s sizing chart to figure out what works best for you. If you’re not sure or are in between sizes, buy two different sizes and make sure you’re able to return one — or both — of them if they don’t work out. We recommend all of the brands listed above, but there are also other great retailers out there such as PacSun, Nordstrom, Macy’s, and Bloomingdales. Always check to see if there are specific washing and drying instructions that come with the suit, and follow those. If there are no instructions, either wash by hand or try a gentle wash cycle and then hang the suit to dry. It’s also recommended to rinse your suit in a quick shower after you get out of the water, as chlorine, salt, and other chemicals can harm the fabric. For this article, Travel + Leisure contributor Amanda Ogle used research and her personal expertise as a travel writer to craft the perfect list of swimsuits for your next adventure. Love a great deal? Sign up for our T+L Recommends newsletter and we'll send you our favorite travel products each week. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

As POPSUGAR editors, we independently select and write about stuff we love and think you'll like too. If you buy a product we have recommended, we may receive affiliate commission, which in turn supports our work. Whether you're daydreaming about catching some vitamin D in your backyard (if you live somewhere sunny), have an upcoming vacation, or you're just shopping for swimsuits for fun, we're here to help you find your match this season, be it a bikini, one-piece, monokini — you name it. We shopped the hottest trends of the year, including shimmery styles, cutout one-pieces, bright colorblocked finds, and more. We also researched the best sustainable bathing suits, the best swimsuits for playing up your curves, along with several other popular search categories to help you zero in on the perfect silhouette. Keep scrolling to shop the best swimsuits of 2023 from brands at all price points, including H&M, Hunza G, Old Navy, and more. by  Karenna Meredith

21 minutes ago. by  Monica Sisavat

26 minutes ago. by  Eden Arielle Gordon

1 hour ago. by  Njera Perkins

2 hours ago. Get a Daily Dose of Style. Select the topics that interest you:. By signing up, I agree to the Terms  and Privacy Policy  and to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get a daily dose of style right in your inbox. Sign up for our Fashion & Beauty newsletter. By signing up, I agree to the Terms  and Privacy Policy  and to receive emails from POPSUGAR. THANKS! YOU'RE NOW SUBSCRIBED. Customize your newsletter. Please select the topics you're interested in:. THANKS! YOU'RE NOW SUBSCRIBED. Would you like to turn on POPSUGAR desktop notifications to get breaking news ASAP? Great, Click the ‘Allow’ Button Above
☝️. Awesome, You’re All Set!
🎉.

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories. All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. If you’re trying to build a great wardrobe, your first step needs to be finding the very best underwear for men. Underwear is the first thing you put on, the last thing you take off, and the one garment that gets closer than any other to your, uh, prized possessions. More than you know, the wrong pair could throw off your whole day—or worse, your whole fit. (Ain’t nobody got time for bunching and chafing!) It's for those very reasons that we firmly believe that you (yes, you) should spend a few extra dollars on top-quality skivvies when re-stocking your underwear drawer. To put it in precious cargo terms, going budget on your underwear is like buying a car seat based solely on the lowest price (don't do that). So break up with whatever shrink-wrapped eight-pack you've been buying, because a proper underwear restock requires the good stuff. We're talking quality fibers that move with you, whether you're shifting weight at a standing desk or going beast mode on some kettle bells. We're talking a cut that's both comfortable and flattering. And we're talking about a design that won't raise eyebrows in the locker room or when your third date goes really well. That might sound like a lot to look out for in a simple pair of undies—and it would be, if we hadn't already done all the looking for you—and settled on these 30 unassailable pairs for every taste and body type. From boxers to briefs to boxer briefs, here's all the best underwear for men. Materials: 95% cotton, 5% elastane Sizes: S-XL Colors: Varies. The best men's underwear that covers all the bases we just listed above? It still comes from the brand that changed the men's underwear game in the first place: Calvin Klein. The American designer's foray into men's undergarments turned them from something guys had to wear to something they wanted to wear (and okay, yes, still had to), and maybe even wanted to show off. Plenty of it had to do with those ads, but most of the change happened because Klein and Co. started cutting them way guys wanted to wear their underwear in the first place (read: not at their belly button). Cue the now-standard-issue below-the-navel stance, the wider waistbands (and yes, the logos on those waistbands), and the idea that underwear should show off your goods, not hide them. Add to that a super soft cotton blend with just the right amount of stretchy elastane, a waistband that's equal parts robust and comfy, and a price (for two pairs!) that's tough to beat, and you get an iconic pair of trunks that won't be relinquishing its throne anytime soon. Materials: 93% cotton, 7% spandex Sizes: S-3XL Colors: White, Black, Red, Navy, Gray. We hate to compromise on anything as essential as underwear, but we're also big fans of saving money. So what's a frugal-minded skivvies-wearer to do? Head to Uniqlo, of course. The Japanese retailer's primo underwear is a steal no matter how you prefer ‘em, but the best bang for your buck option is its Supima cotton line. Supima cotton is prized for its ultra-silky feel and durable make, both attributes you’ll appreciate when you slip on a crisp pair of these each morning. In other words, it's the kind of material that feels like an honor and a privilege to touch, let alone for just $8 a pop. Materials: 100% cotton Sizes: S-XXL Colors: Varies. Boxer briefs may dominate underwear drawers around the world, but there are scores of dudes who remain staunch boxer shorts devotees—and would happily trade support for a little extra air flow. Plenty of big-name brands offer a riff on the staple, but Ralph Lauren's remains one of our favorites for a few reasons. For one, the brand's classic-fit boxers are cut from the same type of lightweight, woven cotton it uses in its button-ups, and the relaxed fit offers ample room to stretch around in. But the real X factor is the functional fly, a rarity in the button closure-dominated boxer shorts space, making easier to access in times of, ahem, urgency. On top of all that, the waistband also comes equipped with a clever hit of elastic that ensures they lay flat across the front for a clean finish. Materials: 91% modal, 9% elastane Sizes: XS-3XL Colors: 6 colors. When you need your underwear to be as active and flexible as you are, try these unsurprisingly stretch-forward boxers from the first name in premium yoga gear. The four-way stretch fabric molds to your body and goes wherever you go while also retaining its shape. And no matter how steamy your workout sesh gets, they'll keep things breathable and dry down low; as far as we're concerned, they're the best gym partner you could ask for. Materials: 100% silk Sizes: S-XXL Colors: Varies. If you're looking for an extra-special pair to keep aside for your steamiest nights, you go to Tom Ford—a menswear god so inherently sensual he famously doesn't wear underwear himself. “Let's say you're going on a date,” Ford told GQ's Mark Anthony Green back in 2018. “When you take off your pants, you want it to be kind of a great moment—which of course it will be when you take off your underwear. But before you get to that point, why wouldn't you want silver metallic underwear? Or zebra? Or leopard? Or something a little crazier?” It's hard to argue with that logic, especially once you see his signature skivvies up close. The zebra print is rendered in pure silk, with a touch of equally luxe velvet at the waistband—and it's a boxer short, a cut we might not normally advise, but it's a Tom effing Ford boxer short, so it feels sexy and just plain works. And it's guaranteed to make for an unforgettable moment anytime you're lucky enough to show 'em off. Materials: 100% organic undyed cotton Sizes: One size Colors: Natural. 25 years ago, big, billowing boxers were the undisputed champion of the men's underwear world. As pants got slimmer, underwear naturally got tighter. But as men's trouser trends swing the other direction towards fuller (sometimes giant!) silhouettes, something that allows for a little more room is back on the table as a viable—and seriously comfortable—option. That doesn't mean you have to rush out and pick up a pair of critter print boxers just yet, though. Instead, ease back into the free-wheeling thighs era with something that puts coziness first, like these mega eco-friendly boxer shorts from Industry of All Nations. Most clothing today uses a whole host of chemicals, egregious amounts of water, and synthetic materials that take centuries to break down. Nasty stuff. IOAN's undies are the complete opposite. They're au naturel courtesy of an undyed, unbleached cotton and an elastic-free drawstring waistband, which means you can breathe easy knowing your underwear is as sustainable as can be. Materials: 95% lyocell, 5% elastane Sizes: XS-XXL Colors: Black, white, navy, army green, grey, brown. We're not quite sure how CDLP makes their underwear feel so damn sexy, and at a certain point, we gave up trying to figure it out. Maybe it's the insanely flattering cut, they way they hug your quads (and protect your valuables) like they were custom-fit exclusively for your gams by a bespoke skivvies operation. Maybe its their ridiculously dreamy feel, thanks to the brand's generous use of lyocell, a silk-like material that's much stretchier and just as smooth. Or maybe it's the fact that that managed to nail that innate sexiness without the help of any kitschy prints, just a brooding expanse of sleek, unadulterated black. Who cares, really? Asking the questions is half the fun. Materials: 100% cotton Sizes: S-XXL Colors: White and black. For going on 160 years now, UK outfitters Sunspel have been turning out some of the finest cotton goods on the planet: they invented the T-shirt, perfected the polo, and, to the surprise of no one, make a damn good pair of underwear, too. There's something about crisp white undies that just feels practical, honest and true—and these boxer briefs live up to that billing. The jersey cotton fabric they're cut from is soft and light, the elasticated hems keep them sturdy and fitted, and the fly-front pouch makes for easy, button-free access when it's time to hit the bathroom. Just one more notch in the belt for the storied British maker. True to the name, Tommy John's Second Skin briefs fit like a glove—for your junk. Be honest with yourself—are you really using the fly on your underwear? These silky soft micromodal trunks from MeUndies offer up a less bulky, near-seamless alternative. Another great, affordable option for the staunch boxer advocates among us. They come in a handful of colors and patterns and are only $8 a pair, so feel free to mix and match to your heart (and wallet's) content. The Swoosh's high-quality, quick-drying boxers combine the best elements of its Dri-FIT technology with extra-soft recycled polyester fibers. If you didn't know already, lacy underwear (even lingerie!) can be for the fellas, too. Rihanna's Savage x Fenty boxers are silky, slightly revealing, and undeniably hot. Entertaining a guest on the weekend? Want to feel a little bit sexier on a regular ol' weekday? Slip these baddies on for an instant boost. These boxer briefs are made by the same brand behind the hardy tees Carmy wears on "The Bear", using cotton that's spun the old school, pre-mass production way. The result is extra-soft and built to last. The idea of wool skivves sounds like some sort of medieval punishment, right? Turns out, though, that merino wool is naturally antimicrobial, moisture-wicking, and temperature regulating—which means once you try these on, you'll want to wear 'em all year long. The Best Jeans for Men Under $100. The Best White Sneakers for Men Will Really Tie Your Wardrobe Together. The Best Hoodies for Men Look As Good As They Feel. The Best T-Shirts For Men, Period. The Best Men's Swim Trunks Are the Only Shorts You Really Need. Wayfair's Spring Clearance Sale: Up to 70% off. Apply Bed Bath and Beyond coupon and save 25% off your entire purchase. Target Circle: up to 50% Off with Target promo code. 10% Off Michaels coupon code for seniors. Save 20% on Sneakers & Sports with Asos Discount Code. Michael Kors promo code: $50 off. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. We reviewed this guide and continue to stand by our picks. Our pick from Saxx was renamed and redesigned with a more minimal logo. The fit and fabric remain the same. The best boxer briefs let you forget that you’re wearing anything at all. They should be soft and nearly invisible against your skin, with seams that don’t pinch and a perfect amount of elasticity that won’t sag or stretch out during the day. We’ve compared 25 brands of boxer briefs and tested 16 over three years, and we’ve found five excellent pairs to suit a variety of styles and budgets. We tested underwear made from breathable fabrics like cotton and modal which are durable and comfortable, perfect for everyday wear. We looked for stretchy waistbands that felt secure without pinching the skin or restricting circulation. Well-designed briefs should have a pouch or cup for support and comfort. We considered a range of models priced between $4 and $30 a pair. For maximum support and a more accentuated profile, we prefer the Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton. For a more conservative silhouette and understated branding, we like the Mack Weldon 18-Hour Jersey Boxer Brief. The Gap 5″ Boxer Briefs pair offers a great balance between comfort and price, and it’s the only pair we recommend without a fly. If you want to spend less than $5 a pair, the Kirkland Signature Men’s Boxer Brief 4-pack is the softest and best-tailored offering we could find in that price range. And for a travel-friendly pair that also works every day, the ExOfficio Men’s Give-N-Go 2.0 Sport Mesh 6″ Boxer Brief is a time-tested favorite. For this article, I spoke with three industry experts: Michael Kleinmann, CEO of The Underwear Expert, a boutique underwear subscription service; Nick Graham, the founder of Joe Boxer and current CEO of the Nick Graham men’s clothing line; and former Calvin Klein chief creative officer Bob Mazzoli, who was VP of merchandising when the company made famous the now-ubiquitous boxer brief design in the mid-1980s. Finally, I spoke with designers and company representatives from Hanes and Mack Weldon, and they provided important context about the way modern brands are creating new designs for changing tastes. Over the years, we’ve tested these picks on people who represent a range of body sizes and gender identities. Personally, I’ve worked for Wirecutter for six years in various capacities—comparing, testing, and writing about everything from backpacks to cooking equipment. I’ve worn boxer-brief-style underwear for most of my life. The most supportive boxer briefs we’ve tested are made from soft, breathable fabric that our testers loved. The contoured pouch might be a little too bold for some people, though. Best for: People who like a bold look and who tend to feel warm during the day or who might enjoy the separation between themselves and their thighs. Why it’s great: The Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton stands out from other boxer briefs because of its cotton-blend fabric and unique cup design, which allow it to feel more comfortable and supportive than many other pairs we tested while also wicking moisture and lending a flattering silhouette. The internal pouch design consists of two panels of nylon-mesh fabric, shaped like the jib of a sailboat, that follow the internal seam of the underwear cup and separate the edge of your thighs from the rest of your anatomy. It’s a design that helps to secure everything in place and to reduce chafing or rubbing of sensitive areas. Throughout the day, we felt like we needed to adjust ourselves less, if at all, while wearing the Saxx boxer briefs than with other briefs. Testers also noted how flattering the pouch felt compared with that of other designs. “My topography is awesome without getting too cup-spilleth-over,” one tester said. “Also, it’s very comfortable to sleep in.”. The DropTemp Cooling Cotton’s fabric, made of a cotton-modal blend with a touch of spandex, is soft and pliable, but it also makes this pair more supportive than many other blended-fabric boxer briefs we tried, which tended to stretch out. The material feels lightweight and absorbs moisture well. After weeks of testing various brands’ boxer briefs, I personally liked the DropTemp Cooling Cotton pair the most—their stretch and cling against my legs, the way they stayed in place longer and felt like a second skin. The waistband of this Saxx pair is about an inch tall and stays in place better than that of any other boxer briefs we tested. It’s not perfect—it rolled in certain situations, such as when we hunched forward in a chair—but it’s as close to perfect as we’ve found. Saxx offers a nice variety of neutral colors and louder, fun prints. Flaws but not dealbreakers
One tester particularly appreciated the overall look of the Saxx branding. “These feel workmanlike,” he said. “They’re sturdy. They do the trick. Not too soft, but not stiff. They keep things front and center.”. Material: 57% cotton, 38% modal, 5% elastane. Sizes: XS to XXL, fits a 27-inch to 46-inch waist. Colors and patterns: four solids, eight patterns, limited runs of one-off prints. Sturdy but breathable fabric and a darted pouch give these boxer briefs solid support and a subtle silhouette. They come with a fly and are available in a wider range of colors and traditional patterns than most other underwear brands we tested. Best for: People in colder climates and those who appreciate a thicker and richer-feeling fabric. Why it’s great: Slightly more conservative—some would say less boastful—in its cut and branding than the Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton, the Mack Weldon 18-Hour Jersey Boxer Brief is just as pleasant to wear, though it’s made of a heavier cotton, which may feel warm to some people. This pair is a great choice for people who prefer a more understated garment. But since there are over a dozen colors and nine patterns to choose from, the subtle design doesn’t mean a loss of individuality. These boxer briefs flatten the anatomy more than the Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton thanks to the smaller dart construction of the pouch, which produces a more modest look. This modesty carries through Mack Weldon’s overall branding and pattern design. This pair is simply more conservative and a little more formal—despite the high number of colors and basic patterns available—than many of the other boxer briefs we tested. Whether that creates a refined and mature look or reflects a dull lack of adventurousness is up to you. The quality of the materials and construction is evident from the moment you pick this pair up. The 18-Hour Jersey cotton and modal fabric is a little thicker than that of other boxer briefs we tested, which gives the Mack Weldon pair a reassuring heft. This makes it feel warmer to wear than other boxer briefs we tried, although it is plenty breathable where it counts: A lightweight piqué cotton gusset runs between each leg and across the back of the underwear. The substantial cotton-modal fabric holds extremely well across the thigh—the sturdy seam and the just-right elasticity make the boxers neither too tight nor too loose. Mack Weldon also makes briefs and trunks out of the same luxurious fabric. The waistband also has a reassuring heft, though after several years of testing, we know it’s not immune from folding over on itself. (In truth, no boxer briefs we’ve tested have fully prevented that.) If you’re unsure about your fit, Mack Weldon also has a generous first-purchase return policy and a customer service team that can help pinpoint the right size. Our testers seemed almost conflicted with how fancy they felt while wearing these boxer briefs. “These are lovely. You put them on, and you feel rich,” one tester said. “This underwear makes me wanna waste money on a hotel room and fancy booze to seduce my already-wife and spoil her right,” added another. Flaws but not dealbreakers
Similar to the Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton pair, this Mack Weldon underwear went through multiple wash-and-dry cycles without losing shape or softness. But unlike Saxx’s boxer briefs, which can seemingly handle any temperature setting, the 18-Hour Jersey boxer briefs require a cold wash. When one tester ignored the instructions and ran this pair through a medium-warm cycle, it pilled. Material: 47.5% cotton, 47.5% modal, 5% spandex. Sizes: S to XXL, fits a 28-inch to 46-inch waist. Colors and patterns: 14 colors, 13 patterns. Among the softest we’ve found—they feel like a favorite T-shirt—these boxer briefs may lack some of the more detailed features or high-end construction of our other picks, but they’re comfortable, well built, and half the price of higher-end offerings we tested. *At the time of publishing, the price was $15. Best for: People with sensitive skin, especially around the waistband. Why it’s great: If you don’t want to spend more than $15 for a pair of underwear, the Gap 5″ Boxer Briefs strike a good compromise between comfort/fit and price. This pair is made of a sturdy but exceptionally soft cotton (95%) and spandex (5%) blend—it’s some of the softest cotton we’ve worn, especially for the price, and it feels like a comfy T-shirt. The Gap boxer briefs are even more luxurious thanks to details such as soft covered seams, which prevent friction against clothing, and a unique fleece-like lining on the waistband. We didn’t find either of these features on any other underwear we tried—even pairs that cost twice the price. Although the fabric itself is extremely enjoyable, this Gap pair lacks the tailored look and feel of our other picks. Men’s underwear, at its simplest, is made of two panels of fabric, a front and a back, stitched together. However, more expensive pairs tend to include more panels to refine the shape and fit. In the rear, these Gap boxer briefs are made from a single panel, stretching from thigh to thigh, that flattens—rather than contours—the posterior and isn’t as flattering. Instead of a full cup in front, the design has a roomy, darted pouch. Ultimately, you may not notice these cut and shape considerations—that is, until you try a pair of underwear that does have extra tailoring. Then it’s harder to go back. The lack of extra paneling also means the Gap boxers don’t offer any kind of venting—a piece of mesh or piqué cotton fabric that helps heat escape your body—like our pick from Mack Weldon does. It’s not necessarily a vital inclusion, but given the thicker fabric, the lack of venting may mean you’re more likely to overheat. This pair also lacks a fly, so if that’s a priority you may prefer our recommendations from Mack Weldon or Kirkland Signature. Gap’s color palette is mostly neutral, but stripes and some brighter colors are available (we tested the blue stripe version). If you’re looking for a particular color or pattern, keep in mind that Gap’s site lists each style on a separate page, which makes for a frustrating way to browse. Flaws but not dealbreakers
While the cotton of the print boxer briefs is extremely soft and pleasant to wear, it’s a touch heavy for warmer weather, and the lack of venting in this design doesn’t help. If you tend to overheat, you may not enjoy this pair as much as others. That said, I was surprised how often I reached for the Gap boxer briefs on cooler days—even in Hawaii—when I wanted a particularly soft pair of underwear for lounging around the house. Material: 95% cotton, 5% spandex. Sizes: XS to XXL, fits a 28-inch to 45-inch waist. Colors and patterns: six colors, 11 patterns. These soft, well-made, and nicely tailored boxers look and feel as good as pairs that cost two or three times as much. But they come in only gray and black and aren’t sold by the pair. Best for: People who want to save some cash without sacrificing (much) in the way of quality or design. Why it’s great: The Kirkland Signature Men’s Boxer Briefs are surprisingly comfortable and well constructed for their price—a pack of four costs less than the price of any other single pair we recommend. And unlike some others we tried, they’re an ideal thickness for nearly any climate. I was surprised by how well the Kirkland boxer’s fabric stretched across my skin. Several brands’ designs we’ve tested in this budget range use cotton that feels brittle when stretched and almost crinkly between your fingers. The Kirkland boxer briefs are sturdy but soft, made from a blend of 96% cotton and 4% spandex. The fabric is easily on a par with that of underwear twice the price—it’s soft enough not to catch your leg hairs or irritate your skin while still elastic enough, especially around the thighs, to move with you. It’s a versatile thickness, too, sturdy and durable but also breathable. The Kirkland Signature boxer briefs also include several bits of more advanced tailoring that are extremely uncommon in this price range: an extra rear panel, which shapes the underwear around your butt for a more flattering look, and a flat seam design, which reduces the seam’s ridgeline so it doesn’t dig into your skin or catch your hair. Those two construction details rivaled or exceeded the touches on several other more expensive boxer briefs we tested. The design also has a fly, but no cup or dart to shape the front panel as on pricier pairs we recommend. As for the waistband, it’s resoundingly “fine”: It’s elastic enough to stretch without leaving deep marks in your skin, but it doesn’t particularly stand out from those of any other boxer briefs we tested at any price. After several years of testing, we’re pleased with how well these Kirkland boxers have held up: Our test pairs started to develop holes only after about a year of steady wear and washing. The Kirkland boxer briefs are available only in a pack of four, but at this price, you can probably afford to stock up. Unlike some of our other picks, they have no logos or loud designs to announce what you’re wearing. Choose these if you prefer simple and understated design and a neutral color palette—they come in only two colors and no patterns. If you think you’ll miss the chance to pick extra colors and designs, you need to spend a little more for one of our other picks. The Kirkland boxer briefs also come in more sizes than any other brand we recommend; they’re available for waist sizes from 28 to 50 inches. Flaws but not dealbreakers
The Kirkland Signature brand is sold only at Costco, though non-members can order these boxer briefs online for a 5% surcharge, or about 79¢ more. It’s such a small difference that we don’t consider it a reason for people without Costco memberships to skip this pick. Material: 96% cotton, 4% spandex. Sizes: S to XXXL, fits a 28-inch to 50-inch waist. Colors and patterns: two colors. Durable, quick-drying, and relatively inexpensive, this nylon underwear is made to last for many years’ worth of travel but comfortable enough to wear every day if you prefer a silkier feel. *At the time of publishing, the price was $32. Best for: People who want to travel light in hot climates or anyone who prefers silky nylon over the soft stretch of cotton blends. Why it’s great: The ExOfficio Men’s Give-N-Go 2.0 Sport Mesh 6″ Boxer Brief is designed for travel. Yet this pair’s balance of fit, comfort, and light weight—not to mention its odor reduction—could make it the one you reach for every day, whether you’re traveling or not. It’s nearly identical to its predecessor, the Give-N-Go Sport Mesh, which was our previous top pick before being discontinued. Made from a nylon sport-mesh fabric that’s exceptionally lightweight and quick-drying, this pair is excellent for travel, when you may need to wash it on the go (the 2.65-ounce fabric takes just two and a half hours to dry fully on a line). However, the ExOfficio boxer briefs stand apart from other travel-specific underwear because of their silkiness.They feel particularly light and smooth against your skin and clothes, which reduces friction and chafing compared with the feel of cotton, especially while you’re moving around. They’re easily some of the most comfortable boxer briefs we’ve tested, and they’re great for daily wear, even if your longest journey is from home to work. This ExOfficio pair’s mesh design is also more breathable and better at wicking moisture than that of other boxer briefs we tested. While most synthetic underwear has some ability to wick sweat, this pair is better than most for sweaty activities such as long walks or hikes, especially in hot locations. ExOfficio treats its fabrics with an antibacterial finish designed to reduce odor. “I have worn these boxers for years, and they have never let me down,” said one tester. “They definitely combat odor.”. In tailoring and fit, the ExOfficio boxer briefs rival any other pricey pair we found. They’re built with five panels that wrap around the thighs to reduce chafing and across the butt to add shape and keep the fabric in place throughout the day. They include a fly, and the cup is deep enough to feel fully supportive without being overly pronounced. Similar to other higher-end brands, ExOfficio offers its underwear in a range of colors and patterns, though the availability seems to change often. Many of the color options feature brightly colored seams. Some people may not like that extra contrast, which highlights the shape of the body. The more neutral-colored pairs tend to avoid that look. As on the Saxx boxer briefs, the large logo may feel distracting to some people. During our travel underwear trials, our tester wore the same pair for six months of daily wear and washing (a somewhat extreme and potentially unsettling test that we didn’t ask him to perform). During that endurance test he found that—despite some early signs of pilling, especially between the thighs—the nylon-mesh fabric was nearly indestructible. Flaws but not dealbreakers
Our testers did find that the waistband tended to flip over with the slightest provocation, which may be annoying. But unlike the waistbands of many boxer briefs we tried, it didn’t dig into their skin. One tester also noted that should the ExOfficio pair get wet, if, say, you were caught in the rain or fording a river, it may stick to your skin uncomfortably. Material: 90% nylon, 10% elastane. Sizes: S to XXL, fits a 30-inch to 46-inch waist. Colors and patterns: seven colors, six patterns. The pairs of underwear in this guide are soft, comfortable mid-thigh boxer briefs for daily use. For this guide we focused on boxer briefs because, according to the experts we interviewed, they’re the most popular modern style of men’s underwear. Since 2017, we’ve spent 10 hours talking to experts and Wirecutter staff, considered 25 well-reviewed brands, and tested 30 pairs from 16 of those brands. We winnowed our testing list using the following criteria:. Soft yet durable fabrics: “The hand, or feel, of the fabric is significant. It should feel soft against your skin,” Michael Kleinmann, CEO of The Underwear Expert, told us. We chose to test the most commonly found cotton and modal blends, spiked with some spandex or other synthetic fibers for added stretch and form. Cotton is a workhorse fiber—it’s soft, strong, breathable, and great for everyday wear. Modal is a type of rayon that’s cool and soft but less supportive than cotton. In our second year of testing, we also included one outlier we had tested for another guide, a nylon pair of underwear designed for travel but comfortable for everyday use. Waistband and leg-band stretch: The waistband of your underwear should have enough elasticity that it hugs your body without pinching your skin, but it should remain stiff enough that it doesn’t flop over. “Check the modulus of elasticity of the waistband,” said Bob Mazzoli, former chief creative officer of Calvin Klein. “You want to feel resistance without it feeling stiff.” Similarly, the leg bands should hug your thighs without pulling hairs from your legs or restricting circulation. Underwear can change from good to terrible in several hours if the elasticity in these areas stretches out. Supportive, comfortable construction: A pair with both a well-designed pouch (made of darted fabric for a little room and lift) and a more prominent cup (made of several panels of material to envelop you) should contour and flatter your body while supporting you as you move through the day. Aesthetically, the pouch is vital to accentuating the inherent shape of the male form. A quality pouch should appear just barely loose when you hold the underwear aloft. A reasonable price: We considered a range of models priced about $4 and $30 a pair. Although more expensive options are available, anything costing more than $30 quickly reaches the point of diminishing returns. The $25 to $30 pairs—often called “premium” underwear—simply wear better: Their stitching won’t chafe, their waistbands won’t stretch out, and they should last longer (if you care for them properly). Two years ago, we sent each of our boxer brief picks to a panel of testers representing a range of body shapes; their waist measurements ranged in size from 28 to 48 inches. This underwear is marketed toward people with male anatomy, but our testers represented a range of gender identities. For several weeks, they tried on all the pairs, wore each one around for a day, and rated each model for softness, comfort, and enjoyment. In 2020, we retested our four former picks and tested eight new pairs. Over the course of two weeks, I wore each test pair during my day-to-day life, doing tasks like household chores, dog walks, and hikes up a mountain. I compared the general feel and comfort of each pair as I used them and kept an eye on durability and construction after washing. If you’ve listened to a podcast or scrolled Instagram recently, you’ve probably heard or seen a MeUndies advertisement. It’s unavoidable. These boxer briefs initially received good reviews online for their softness and fit, but we weren’t impressed by their durability. We’ve been testing MeUndies for the last two years with sample pairs given to us by MeUndies PR and some we’ve bought ourselves. While MeUndies are initially comfortable, the thin micromodal fabric doesn’t hold up, especially the printed pairs, for the six-month minimum that we expect from underwear around this price ($26 or $18 for subscription members). Wirecutter staff members who have worn MeUndies were also underwhelmed by their performance over time. If you do try them and are unsatisfied, MeUndies will accept a full refund on any purchase within 45 days, as long as the items are not worn (though “tried on” is ok). Pair of Thieves Cool Breeze Boxer Brief (no longer available): We enjoyed how the modal in these boxer briefs felt as we wore them, but we’re not sure about the overall quality of their construction. However, if you love the feel of modal fabric, we like these much more than the MeUndies we tested. Hanes Ultimate Men’s Comfort Flex Fit Cotton/Modal Boxer Briefs: A former top pick of ours, these are perfectly decent boxer briefs for the price. After another year of testing, though, we prefer the Kirkland underwear, which is cut in a way to shape and accentuate the body—unlike these Hanes boxers, which tend to stretch and flatten across the skin. Tommy John Second Skin Boxer Brief: These Tommy John boxer briefs came close to our premium picks. Some testers were fascinated with the unique horizontal fly, but others expressed concern that it felt as if it cut off “flow” when deployed. Ultimately, the slightly higher quality of our picks allowed them to edge out this Tommy John pair in our estimation, but some people may enjoy it. GoodFor Underwear: These underwear are similarly designed to the Tommy John briefs with a horizontal fly. They’re made of modal and spandex and seem to be well constructed. As an added benefit, GoodFor donates a pair of underwear for every pair you buy. While we appreciate the brand mission, we aren’t sold on horizontal flies as being the best for everyone. Our panel of testers found the narrow horizontal openings largely “unsettling.” The pressure of the fabric’s bias tends to squeeze against you with more pressure than a vertical opening and that pressure is felt from beneath when deployed. Saxx Ultra: These boxers have the same cut and design as the original design of the Saxx DropTemp Cooling Cotton, but they’re made from a viscose fabric (a type of rayon) rather than a cotton blend. Overall, the Ultra briefs are looser, and we’ve found that the thinner weight of their material makes it less durable than the cotton blends Saxx uses on other models. However, if you don’t mind the reduced durability and prefer a softer and less supportive feel—something between that of boxer briefs and classic boxers—the Ultra might be a good pick for you. It comes with a fly. Duluth Trading Company Men’s Buck Naked Performance Boxer Briefs: Duluth has a surprisingly vocal following for a smaller brand based in Minnesota. We received multiple requests that we try the Buck Naked model. Although these boxer briefs weren’t bad, and the nylon—a performance fabric similar to what’s often used for sports underwear—fits Duluth Trading Company’s working-person design, in our testing we didn’t find this pair particularly comfortable for all-day wear. Also, the large, flat panel doesn’t offer much separation or support and looks a little odd. If you spend most days on your feet or working hard, though, these boxer briefs seem like a great choice. Bn3th Classic: Bn3th has a cup design similar to that of our Saxx pick. However, instead of offering two separate panels, the Bn3th design forms a complete U-shape, which is—to put it lightly—disconcerting. If you want a cup design in your underwear, the Saxx boxer briefs are slightly cheaper, more comfortable, and available in a wider range of styles and materials. Calvin Klein Cotton Classic Fit Boxer Brief: Although the design includes a two-way fly, which is an interesting feature, our testers complained about this underwear’s small size, rougher material, and tendency to chafe. You can and should get something better for the same price. Fruit of the Loom Men's Breathable Boxer Brief: The leg holes on these Fruit of the Loom boxer briefs didn’t flex well in comparison with our top picks. We also weren’t thrilled with the quality of the fabric—it felt brittle and unkind against our skin. Jockey Classic Boxer Brief: These boxer briefs lost their shape too quickly over the day. Unfortunately, the problem seemed to get worse as we washed them. Organic Basics Organic Cotton Boxers: These boxer briefs were extremely expensive for plain cotton underwear. The organic aspect may intrigue some people, though these boxers come in only a shorter European cut. We also don’t like the raised stitching, when so many other brands’ designs offer flat stitching these days. Polo Ralph Lauren Boxer Brief: These boxer briefs felt thin and less durable compared with our top picks, even up against pairs half the price. They also changed their shape a bit after washing. Gildan Men’s Classic Length Boxer Briefs: There’s no other way to say it—these felt exceptionally cheap from the moment we held them, they felt exceptionally cheap when we wore them, they felt exceptionally cheap when we took them off. Throughout the day they rode up, bunched oddly, and made for a deeply uncomfortable experience all in all. Lululemon Always In Motion Boxer 5″: These boxer briefs were a disaster. The fabric was too thin, and once on it felt more akin to a stocking material than anything else I’ve ever worn. Although we don’t think the fabric will last long, we’re going to continue testing this pair. Still, we know that much better options are available for the price. Uniqlo Men Supima Cotton Boxer Briefs: These have a dedicated following, and we were excited to test them, but ultimately we were underwhelmed. The cotton felt stiff and somewhat cheap in comparison with the material of our top picks, even the picks of a similar price. Unlike our picks, the Uniqlo boxers also lack any kind of tailoring or shaping in their cut, so they’re less flattering to wear as a result. Underwear comes in a variety of natural and synthetic fabrics: cotton, modal, wool, silk, nylon, Spandex, Lycra. For most people cotton and modal offer the most breathability for everyday wearing. Wool is an option in cooler climates but may be tough for people with sensitive skin and, similar to silk, doesn’t wick moisture well. Neither are ideal for daily wear. Synthetic materials are best for athletic activity because they stretch well, or for travel due to their lightweight and quick-drying fabrics. For underwear with any kind of elastic in the waistband, which is nearly all of them, the elasticity does wear out over time. Cold water washing and low heat drying or ideally hang drying can reduce some of this wear over time. It depends on your activities, but the consensus seems to be about two weeks worth at a minimum, which should allow you to keep up with laundry loads and still have a few spare pairs for emergencies. Michael Kleinmann, CEO of The Underwear Expert, phone interview, April 16, 2018. Nick Graham, founder of Joe Boxer and current CEO of the Nick Graham men’s clothing line, phone interview, April 20, 2018. Bob Mazzoli, former chief creative officer of Calvin Klein, phone interview, April 16, 2018. Kit Dillon is a senior staff writer at Wirecutter. He was previously an app developer, oil derrick inspector, public-radio archivist, and sandwich shop owner. He has written for Popular Science, The Awl, and the New York Observer, among others. When called on, he can still make a mean sandwich. These shoes, shirts, and accessories were the most-purchased Wirecutter clothing picks in 2022. After testing 30 rain jackets and raincoats, we found six we liked in a range of sizes, lengths, and styles to keep you dry. These are the basic wardrobe elements—tee, pants, shorts, jacket, socks, and underwear—that keep our traveler comfortable regardless of his destination. Whether you dress them up or wear them out, great jeans are a sartorial MVP. We found seven high-quality pairs that fit well and look great. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Our editors and skivvy specialists weighed in. THE FOUNDATION of every outfit begins with a good pair of underwear; in fact, many stylists with male clientele suggest having quality undergarments as the bedrock of their wardrobe. But not every man knows how to choose the best pairs of underwear. According to Tomima Edmark, founder of HisRoom, an online underwear retailer, most men pick their skivvy style during their youth and just stay with it. "Ask a man 'why?' and the simple answer is: it’s the same style his Dad wore," she says. "But, give a man an upgraded piece of underwear and a new world opens for him.". Finding the right underwear for men comes down to personal preference. Some guys prefer the slimmer cut of boxer briefs, while some prefer roomy boxers. If you work out in them, you're better off with stretchy, moisture-wicking fabrics. If you're looking for undies to lounge or sleep in, then soft cotton or silk is your bet. Lastly, the look—we're talking solid colors, patterns, graphics—the whole nine yards. To end your epic search for the best men's underwear that suits both your lifestyle and budget, we've found the 23 best underwear for men by talking to stylists and experts about fit, comfort, and style. Now, your skivvy-wearing life will never be the same. Types of Underwear | Best Swim Trunks | Best Underwear Brands | Best Moisture-Wicking Underwear | Best Thermal Underwear | Best Undershirts for Men. When developing their underwear, Mack Weldon claims they took spent over 10,000 hours in design and testing to perfect the best pair of underwear money can buy. The AIRKNITx checks all the boxes you should look for when purchasing underwear. The killer combination of a supportive pouch for the boys, plus an anti-odor, anti-moisture fabric make these boxer briefs comfortable and breathable, while the no-roll waistband and secure grip at the bottom legs keep these bad boys in place. Moreover, AIRKNITx is tried and true and has thus even earned an endorsement from former NFL football wide receiver Desmond Howard. "I travel a lot during college football season and I am never without my Mack Weldon AirknitX boxer briefs," he says. "These are my absolute go-to’s for their light, breathable construction that always keeps me feeling just right." To really hit a home run with Mack Weldon's underwear, they even incorporated mesh cool zones in the back to keep you feeling cool when temperatures heat up. Read more: Best Boxer Briefs. Some guys just prefer the classics—and sometimes, the classics are where it's at. Portland-based personal stylist Grace Thomas says that for "a top-of-the-line option, you can't go wrong with a classic like Calvin Klein." And while we all know Calvin Klein knows how to make a great pair of underwear, the top pick would be the Steel Micro Low Rise Trunks with a seriously smooth and attractive-looking nylon microfiber. "The cut and breathable fabric on these make them so comfortable to wear all day long," says Thomas. And even after dozens of washes, these trunks keep their shape and color. Moreover, what makes CK's classic so popular is that it doesn't increase the bulk of your thighs in slim pants. The contoured pouch and mid-thigh length are perfect for everyday comfort with great support. "These boxer briefs also help with flexibility and are excellent for working out and playing sports," says fashion designer Holly Reimer. Really, it's hard to beat a pack of Calvin's when you consider how long the legacy underwear lasts. What you do in a pair of undies also matters a whole lot. And if that involves a lot of moving, sweating, and calories-burning, clinical sexologist and certified sex educator of Philadelphia Weekly Sharon Sanders recommends Gold Standard's Athletic Underwear which packs a lot of feats for people of very active lifestyles. "It has an anti-chaffing feature, providing maximum comfort and fit, even if worn during athletic activities," she says. And thanks to the neat polyester-spandex blend, these boxer briefs have "a highly breathable fabric so it allows for maximum airflow and comfort.". All in all, Gold Standard provides great fit and comfort even during gym sessions, holding things together without feeling noticeable on your thighs. Uniqlo has some of the best underwear for the price. While their boxers are just as good, we love the AIRism Boxer Briefs. "Uniqlo specifically launched this line of briefs to enhance performance," says fashion blogger and costume designer Susan Gagnon. "These undies have new moisture-wicking technology installed that helps to keep you fresh, cool, and dry. They are breathable and lightweight, making you feel like you don’t even have anything on. They are also stretchable while still providing enough support.". These briefs are also recommended by menswear stylist Patrick Kenger as "by far the best bang for your buck." For $15 you get breathable pair of underwear that's bound to last through multiple washes. And this one's seamless build and sleek shape can be your underwear's holy grail, providing support where it's needed and a smooth stretch throughout your movements. "The Uniqlo Airisim line is my go-to for breathable, soft underwear, that doesn't break the bank," Kenger adds. The only qualm is that Airisim sells out very fast, so you have to wait for the occasional restock. "Forget readjusting your underwear in front of colleagues; once you go Saxx, there’s no going back," says e-commerce and retail expert Jessica Kats at Soxy. Not only can the Quest cover all kinds of movement you can possibly perform with your thighs, but it also provides the utmost comfort. "If you want your boys to experience a comforting night out or smoothen the friction between the fabric and the ever-present genitals, opt for Saxx," says Kats. "There is little to no chafing, so your private parts remain unscathed and go through the day without a tingle." This is all thanks to the Quest's built-in tech feats like flat-out seams, anti-roll waistband, three-d fit, and Saxx's signature BallPark Pouch™ engineered to keep your crown jewels in place like in a hammock. Moisture-wicking and quick-drying, the wear-all-day Quest is for guys who are going places to, well, complete quests of their daily life, whether it’s an outdoor excursion, daily gym grind, or just constant commuting. You’ll also love how form-fitting they are. The name says it all with this great pair of briefs for men—it'll feel like wearing no undie at all. Not at all tight but packed with all kinds of punches, Tommy John's Second Skin Brief is incredibly light like a feather, and you probably won't even notice until the occasion comes for you to take it off—hence, the horizontal fly for quick access when No.1 visits. Designed to be worn all day, it's also incredibly durable, with a non-pilling, quick-drying micro modal fabric. Fit-wise, it stays put with a waistband that won't roll around or pinch your sensitive areas. And for your "crown jewels," these have a contour pouch to keep them in place—no awkward adjustment in public. Really, this brief is one you’ll have no problem wearing for 24 hours long with superior comfort. When it comes to underwear, lightweight breathable bottoms are a must for conquering leg day and the rest of your intense workouts. For men with an active lifestyle, Rhone's Everyday Essentials Boxer Brief is the fitness wardrobe basics you need. Certified trainer and our own Fitness Director, Ebenezer Samuel, C.S.C.S., even swears by it, especially for leg days. "[It's] the first pair of underwear I’ve found that moves with me without bunching up, and manages to feel comfortable from the beginning of a workout until the very end," he says. "[It hits] right at my hip and [goes] down about halfway on my thighs for added coverage that’s extra-comfortable.". That is all made possible by Rhone's soft blend of Pima-cotton and elastane that allows for ease of movement, and the no-roll waistband that provides comfort and coverage for all activities. Hence, it's more than just a pair of gym underwear. With material that resists bunching and upward shifting, it's made for running, everyday errands, pickup hoops, or a fun night out. Allbirds, the footwear company beloved by cool dads and the sustainable style savants, surprisingly has the perfect boxer brief for the sizzling days of summer. Soft and breathable, the Trino boxer brief is our editor's favorite for hotter days or days that really require gearing up with thick pants. In fact, one editor says that "it’s probably the first pair of underwear I’ve ever worn where I almost forgot I was wearing anything down there.". The genius of Trino, which stands for the combination of the Eucalyptus tree and merino materials, is that the fabric combines all the functionality you want in top-drawer underwear—breathable, moisture-wicking, and cooling. To be specific, the Tree material takes care of the cooling and airflow, while merino wool naturally wicks away moisture and provides a soft texture. (Really, what more can a man want?) Guys with thicker thighs will love it more because its smooth feel hugs the muscles but doesn't cling in an uncomfortable way, and the seams on the legs won’t constrain. Read more: Allbirds Trino Boxer Briefs Review. Your go-to athleisure brand launched a pack of oh-so-soft underwear that has the innovative fabric for maximum comfort you’d expect from Lululemon. And when this fabric meets boxer style, you get a pair of underwear that actually delivers. While Always in Motion might look at first like boxer briefs, these made-for-movement skivvies are actually boxers made with performance fabric. As such, they feel as freeing as boxers but can do a lot of hardcore tasks. Their crazy-soft modal fabric, for instance, is both naturally breathable and sweat-wicking, with an ergonomically shaped pouch that provides roomy space to keep the boys in position. The four-way stretch makes it perfect for your daily pursuits and your legs' ebbs and flows. And the quick-drying makes it so that you can actually exercise a bit in them without having to change after the session. It’s the underwear you'll want accompanying you whenever you're on the go. Known for their eternally-wearable socks, CDLP makes some equally-cozy trunks that are life-changing. As trunks, these hit all the right places with a lower waist cut and shorter legs that cover just enough skin. As underwear in general, this performance skivvy is quite the prize. First, made with lyocell and no tag (because there's nothing more annoying than an itchy tag on your underwear), it feels smoother than even silk and much softer than cotton on the skin. The fabric is as such also breathable and moisture-wicking; and, with some spandex that lends just the right amount of flexibility to your thighs, it won’t fit too tight and is great for moving about. And can we talk about the health benefits? The trunk is naturally anti-bacterial, and the enchanted pouch offers extra support to your crown jewels while reducing friction. Thus, it’s a best-of-both-worlds situation that you will want to slide into, and the waistband will keep you there nicely. If we tell you that Aquaman wears this, canonically, like in the Atlantis fight against Black Manta, would you believe it? Because that's what we can assume since Jason Momoa personally wears BN3TH's boxer briefs. Why? Because it's damn innovative with its own patented MyPakage Pouch Technology™—a three-dimensional internal pouch that supports the boys without chafing their skin—and those boys definitely include Aquaman's. "These are the undies I wear because they've got this awesome pouch up in there," says the Hollywood star. "It's like angels. If you've had a hard day, it's alright. Angels... We got you.". But what makes BN3TH's Infinite option a cut above the rest is that it's also incredibly soft and movement-friendly. It's made with Modal for the ultimate skin comfort, and its no-stink, moisture-wicking fabric will keep you fresh even during the sweatiest hours. Its gusset allows the undie to contour around your body. And you won't get bothered much by seams—there's hardly any. If you're going to come for the increasingly saturated underwear, market, you'd better not miss. Luckily, Tom Brady did just that with his new underwear collection, which is drawn from the same playbook as the rest of the GOAT's eponymous menswear line: lean, clean styles that are made from premium fabrics. Our fashion director Ted Stafford loves BRADY's boxer briefs. "It gives a lot of support, but is still very easy to move in," he says. That's because of its cotton-polyester fabric that's both breathable and fitted, along with a bit of stretch for extra mobility. If it's good enough for Brady, the man, it's probably good enough for you. While some of the old-school underwear brands you sported in your youth might not be on your radar today, brands like Superdry have seriously stepped up their game in recent years with affordable underwear options that have the modern trimmings you want. From its catalog, the Organic Cotton Boxer is recommended by personal stylist Stephanie Gisondi-Little. "It is a great cotton weight and quality, and stands up to many washings and dryings which not all elastic waistbands can do," she says. And it really is, offering softness and a snug fit, in a fabric made from material that is better for the world. As for the style, these come in trunk and boxer lengths, as well as "multiple great saturated colors, and bands that are more bold or less so, offering something for everyone's personal taste.". Sure, your full cotton graphic boxers from your high school days might look nice, but they can never feel as cozy as these. So if you think know comfortable boxers, think again. These in fact basically double as pajama shorts to be the only layer you need at night. The awesome part about them is the fabric which is made of everything you need in boxers and nothing you don’t. The durable micro-porous structure of bamboo viscose fiber makes the fabric extra breathable and score high at moisture-wicking and odor resistance. The spandex also gives the right amount of stretch to its relaxed fit. Lastly, the cotton amps up the softness and smoothness. You’ll also enjoy its bells and whistles, like the button-fly closure and the elastic waistband that stays put. So if you like to feel free as a bird down there, these bamboo boxers are what you’ll need. (Really, with pockets, you can wear these as lounge shorts.). Read more: Best Boxers for Men. Did you know merino wool naturally wicks away moisture and helps to regulate your body temperature? Not to mention breathable while fighting against odor? That makes merino a great fabric choice for the most comfortable men’s underwear. Smartwool goes the extra mile by wrapping merino fibers around a nylon core so this pair keeps its shape with greater durability, with fabric that holds up after multiple washes. Designed with a double front panel and a flatlock seam construction, you’ll feel extra support without the chafing as you wear this boxer brief all day long. Made from ultra-soft Supima cotton, these form-flattering briefs have just the right amount of stretch to provide comfort all day long, despite being, well, briefs. At the right size, they won't fit too tight and definitely won't suffer your two gems. Subtle features like a smooth waistband and flatlock seams that minimize chafing also help level up the comfort level. And for $25 ($12.50 per pair), you simply can't go wrong with these bad boys as your wardrobe basics. If you want an update from your cheap classics like Hane or Goodfellow & Co., this is it. These no-fuss boxer briefs don't stretch out easily and don a clean, non-branded waistband. Made from organic cotton and cut, sewn, and assembled in Los Angeles, Flint and Tinder's boxer briefs are truly a cut above the rest. Yes there a bit expensive, but the value of the briefs is worth the investment. We're talking brushed cotton, a soft waistband, and durable stitching that holds up over time. It's also pre-shrunk for a flawless fit. An underwear drawer full of monochrome, neutral options can feel downright boring. That's why we recommend always adding a few fun styles that show some personality. Enter J.Crew's famed printed boxers, which are constantly replenished with seasonal patterns (spring clovers, pelicans, or palm trees, anyone?). Plus, given that it's J.Crew, these boxers come in a variety of sizes. The one downside: given how fast these unique styles sell out, you'll want to grab them as soon as they come in stock. As Men's Health's Deputy Editor, Commerce, Christian Gollayan oversees all shopping content on menshealth.com. He relocated back to New York by way of Portland, where he was the Associate Managing Editor at TheManual.com. Christian's work has also been featured in InStyle, Food & Wine, the New York Post, and Tatler Asia. Maverick Li is the Style & Commerce Editor of Men’s Health, where he covers clothing, footwear, watches, and grooming. He was previously the Assistant Commerce Editor at Esquire. 11 Patagonia Jackets You Should Know About. 18 Retro Sneakers That Will Forever Be in Style. Where to Buy Kendall Roy's Gucci Sneakers. 36 Sunglasses for Every Guy's Budget and Style. Get 20% Off This Patagonia Bomber Hoodie. 20 Sunglasses Brands That Really Bring the Heat. 15 Waxed Canvas Jackets to Wear This Spring. Run to REI for Up to 50% Off Running Shoes. Save Big on This Retro-Inspired Puffer from Wellen. One of Our Favorite Backpacks Is up to $40 Off. 24 Classic Black T-Shirts You'll Want to Own. 10 Stylist-Approved New Balance Shoes to Buy Now. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission. Finding the right pair of gym shorts sounds simple enough. Most guys just want a pair that they can sweat in and forget about. But with gym clothing growing more innovative and activity-specific, there are a lot of variables to consider when buying a new pair, like liners, inseam lengths, and moisture-wicking technology. There’s no one universal pair for everyone, of course, but after testing dozens over the past few years, it became clear to me that a few key features set the standard for the very best gym shorts. I also spoke to personal trainers, athletes, and active folks to find out their favorite pairs for each activity. A gym short’s material is the most important thing to look for when choosing a new pair. Gym shorts are made to move and sweat in, so we’re looking for fabrics that can stretch well and wick moisture efficiently, thus keeping you comfortable and dry. A blend of polyester, nylon, and spandex is the most common combo; it’s what the majority of these shorts are made with. We also paid attention to the exterior fabric, and how their durability stood up to our experts’ most intense workouts. Most of my favorites, and the most-recommended gym shorts, come with built-in liners, which generally provide more support and help with wicking sweat off the skin. Some pairs offer a snug, compression-short feel, while others have a liner that feels more like a pair of active underwear. We understand that some guys might prefer the comfort and freedom of an unlined pair, and we noted where those options are available below. A short’s inseam can affect your workout experience. A shorter short has more potential to bunch and rise up in the thigh, while the fabric on a longer inseam can restrict movement. While it ultimately comes down to preference and your height, our experts recommended their favorite inseams for specific activities below. Material: Polyester and spandex | Lining options: Lined or unlined | Inseam length: 5 inches, 7 inches or 9 inches. These seven-inch-inseam Ten Thousand Interval shorts come as close as you can get to quiver-of-one gym shorts. Shorts with a seven-inch inseam are the most popular among the guys we spoke to, with eight telling us they exercise in this style, but the Intervals also come in two other inseam lengths: five- and nine-inch. (Five-inch shorts are the second-most-popular length of the guys we spoke to.) They come recommended by three stylish men: personal trainer Ariel Brill, multisport athlete Nik Karbelnikoff, and former Strategist associate editor Daniel Varghese. Brill loves the “lightweight stretch fabric” of the Interval short, which he says would be great for any sort of “heavy lifting at the gym.” Karbelnikoff likes that these shorts are tough enough for CrossFit and gym workouts but also have the mobility and comfort needed for a six-mile run. “They are my go-to shorts, no matter what I’m training for. The liners never ride up, and I love having pockets for everyday use,” he says. But if you prefer to skip the built-in liner, but they’re also available without it. In the year and a half that I’ve been testing the Intervals, I’ve worn them not only for workouts and runs, but also for summer hikes and beach trips, and they show no signs of wear. For those reasons — and the wide size range, from XS to XXL — we think the Intervals are among the best investments you can make when it comes to gym apparel. Material: Polyester, nylon, and spandex | Lining options: Lined or unlined | Inseam length: 5 inches or 7 inches. This unlined five-inch pair from Nike came recommended to us by personal trainer Chris Legitime of LegitFitNYC and Jackson Howard, an editor at publishing house Farrar, Straus and Giroux. Even without a lining, Legitime says the shorts are still “tight in terms of securing the hip,” but the lack of a liner means they’re “not tight on the groin or quads, making them super-breathable and flexible for hip movements,” he explains. While Legitime says he’s not so interested in how shorts look, Howard adds that these “ridiculously lightweight” shorts do have some aesthetic benefits too. “They make my butt look really good,” he says. He wears his pair — which he has had for more than two years — for “running, yoga, or just flopping around the house.” The shorts also have four pockets: one zippered back pocket, two on the side, and a liner drop-in pocket. Given that the Flex Strides come in 14 different sizes (XS–4XL Tall), a seven-inch inseam, and a lined version as well, we think they’re a worthy contender for your next go-to pair of workout shorts, especially for the price. Material: Nylon, elastane, polyester, and spandex | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 5 inches or 7 inches. Boston-based running brand Tracksmith makes some of the most stylish and unfussy active apparel available today, and its Session shorts are no exception. The Session shorts feel most at home during runs, of course, but they work just as well for sweaty, aerobic gym sessions. Drew Westphal, who works in digital marketing, says he has also worn these lined shorts to do yoga, Pilates, and “a lot of stretching at home to help my golf game.” While they’ve been comfortable for all of his workouts, Westphal says the real appeal of the shorts may be their lesser-known branding and interesting colors, which range from “espresso” (dark brown) to “forest” (dark green) to “wine” (dark red). “You probably won’t see another person wearing these,” he says. They’re also available in a five-inch inseam. Material: Polyester | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 4 inches. The ASICS Rival II is a favorite of running-obsessive Strategist contributor Steven John. “Whether I’m going for a quick run through my neighborhood or logging miles on a hotel gym’s treadmill, I often choose my ASICS Rival II running shorts,” he writes. “That’s because the lightweight, quick-drying, and secure-fitting shorts are suitable for use in just about any conditions.” These shorts are a great option for guys who want light support from a liner; not a super-tight, compressive fit. “They feature a loose liner that provides a bit of comfort but doesn’t add too much fabric when you’re wearing briefs or compression pants, while the exterior layer is loose enough for a full range of motion.”. Material: Polyester and elastane | Lining options: Lined or unlined | Inseam length: 5 inches, 7 inches, or 9 inches. The Pace Breaker short is a Strategist staff favorite, as well as a favorite among stylish men we’ve spoken with over the years. “These shorts have been my go-to for a long time,” says Ralph Lauren creative producer Yale Breslin, who calls himself a “guy who likes to work out.” Like other Lululemon acolytes, he says “the Vancouver-based brand has mastered fit, simplicity, and technology” in creating this unlined pair, which he calls “the ultimate gym shorts.” Their length, according to him, is “not too long and not too short,” making these ideal for his at-home HIIT, yoga, and boot-camp workouts. A smaller detail he appreciates is that the shorts have minimal branding, as Breslin is “not a guy who loves blatant labels.” Lululemon offers both lined and unlined versions in seven- or nine-inch lengths — but the unlined is our favorite. Matt Jared, co-founder of the yoga-and-meditation nonprofit United We Om, is yet another Lululemon Pace Breaker fan, but he prefers the slightly longer nine-inch version. “I wear these shorts when I teach yoga because the fit is loose and relaxed, but they stay in place and don’t pinch no matter what shape I find myself in during class,” he says. Material: Polyester and spandex | Lining options: Lined or unlined | Inseam length: 5 inches, 7 inches, or 9 inches. This more affordable unlined pair of seven-inch gym shorts (that seems inspired by the Lululemon pair above) comes recommended by personal trainer Andrew Flores, who says the shorts have been his “go-to for the last six months when I practice Muay Thai or boxing.” Describing the feel, Flores says they have a “great stretch to them, meaning you can perform exercises in all planes of motion without obstruction.” And from a fashion perspective, he says they also “go well with a long-sleeved tee for that post-workout run to the store.” Target offers these in a lined version, which are also available with a 3-inch inseam. Material: Nylon, elastane, polyester, and spandex | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 7 inches or 9 inches. Almost all of the gym shorts on this list are available with liners, but Saxx offers the most comfortable one. “These are my go-to training shorts whether I’m working out at the gym or at home,” says Sean Sewell, a personal trainer who runs the gear-review site Engearment and the online fitness program Mountain Fitness School. Sewell owns “three or four pairs” of the Kinetic Train shorts from Saxx, which have since been discontinued — but these newer Gainmakers offer the same compression and fit as their predecessors. “They’re more expensive, but you’re getting a semi-compression short and a high-quality Lululemon-type gym short,” he explains. Sewell’s favorite part of Saxx shorts is the signature “Ballpark Pouch” liner, which he says “keeps everything in place and provides support.” Saxx also makes a seven-inch version, which some may prefer, but he thinks the nine-inch length “is really comfortable for most men, especially taller men.” If a comfortable, supportive liner is your first priority in gym shorts, then you should consider this pair. Material: Polyester | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 5 inches or 7 inches. I’ve frequently worn the five-inch High Stride for short runs and gym sessions since 2021, and I like that the liner doesn’t feel too tight or restrictive yet still provides support. Outdoor Voices has added pockets to their latest version of the High Stride. Copywriter Jon Roth is also a fan of Outdoor Voices’ five-inch gym shorts. “Since I mostly hate exercise, finding cool workout clothes has been a good motivator,” he told us. “These are cut high enough to show some thigh but also lined so nothing else shows.” Outdoor Voices has made slight tweaks to the shorts since Roth purchased them (like the addition of pockets), but the brand told us that the newest style — which comes in several colors — is very similar to Roth’s pair and, of course, has the same inseam length. Material: Polyester and elastane | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 7.5 inches. The Kore Shorts’ impressive stretch makes them ideal for activities like yoga and climbing. “Vuori makes some of the most comfortable and durable gym shorts,” according to Brill, who likes the versatility of this pair (which is lined) and says it would be great for any “sport or outdoor activity.” Tim Senesi of the popular YouTube channel Yoga With Tim is also a fan of Vuori and told us its shorts are among his favorites for yoga. “I love anything that fits comfortably and is not too loud of flashy,” says Senesi. The Kore’s liner is less compressive than those of other pairs on this list, so we recommend it for more relaxed workouts. Material: Nylon | Lining options: Lined | Inseam length: 5 inches or 7 inches. Baggies are a perennial favorite at the Strategist. Besides all the other scenarios that we’ve described them as being perfect for — lounging, swimming, or everyday wear — these shorts feel right at home at the climbing gym. They’re made from a durable nylon that stands up to the random bursts of movement one does while climbing: scrapes against the wall, weird stretches in awkward positions, and falls on the mat. That burly construction makes it easy to brush off chalk, too, unlike a knit fabric or a fabric with a looser weave. I’ve been climbing in Baggies since 2015, and they’ve been one of my most-used pairs of outdoor bottoms since. When wearing a harness, I prefer climbing in my seven-inch-inseam pair; I’ve found that the five-inch-inseam version is prone to bunching up near the groin. • Yale Breslin, Ralph Lauren creative producer• Ariel Brill, personal trainer• Louis Cheslaw, New York Magazine associate editor• Liza Corsillo, Strategist senior writer• Andrew Flores, personal trainer• Tre Holloway, personal trainer• Jackson Howard, editor at Farrar, Straus and Giroux• Matt Jared, United We Om co-founder• Steven John, runner and Strategist contributor• Maura Kutner Walters, Strategist contributor• Nik Karbelnikoff, multisport athlete• Chris Legitime, personal trainer at LegitFitNYC• David Notis, former Strategist writer• Jon Roth, copywriter• Tim Senesi, yoga teacher, Yoga With Tim• Sean Sewell, personal trainer, owner of Engearment and Mountain Fitness School• Daniel Varghese, former Strategist associate editor• Drew Westphal, digital marketer and yoga practitioner. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Comfortable, versatile pairs for all types of wear. IT WASN'T long ago that people only wore athletic shorts in a gym setting, but over the past couple of decades the garment has slowly transitioned into acceptable everyday wear. Today's athletic shorts are made to be worn as much casually as they are for working out, all-the-while still upholding high levels of performance. The best athletic shorts below have been curated to reflect all the different types of scenarios one could find themselves in. Need a pair of new pair for long distance running? How about shorts for playing pick-up basketball? Whatever hunt you're on, you'll be comfortable knowing your next favorite pair of athletic shorts are only a few steps away from arriving on your doorstep. Best Moisture-Wicking Shirts | Best Workout Clothes for Men | Best Workout Clothes on Amazon | Best Gym Shorts | Best Running Shorts. Length: Pay close attention to the inseam length when picking out a pair of athletic shorts. If you're planning to wear them for running, you'll want something on the shorter side (think 5-inch inseam or less), so there isn't excess material getting in the way of your strides. For lifting, opt for something longer so you have coverage between your leg and the bench or barbell. A 7-inch inseam is a happy medium if you do a little bit of everything. Material: There are so many different types of material blends that are being created for athletic shorts. Now, the standard for a good pair of shorts seems to start with premium features like 4-way stretch, water-resistance, odor resistance and moisture-wicking capabilties. Quality athletic shorts are lightweight and breathable too—with many brands going to extra mile to create their own synthetic fabrics or add in their own unique liners. But we also cannot forget to recognize a good ol' fashioned pair of cotton shorts, a material that's forever a reliable go-to. Pockets: Pockets can make or break any pair of shorts or pants, but especially athletic shorts. Most of us work out with our smartphone nowadays, but regular side pockets won't keep it secure when you're doing high-impact workouts with lots of movement. Look for zippered pockets that are big enough to hold the essentials like your phone and keys. Or, the holy grail pocket, a liner pouch that will keep your phone securely in place. Below, secure the styles that speak to you the most and wear them all year long! When you need to straddle the line a bit more between training and post-run relaxation, the Falmouth could be your new go-to. The slightly longer inseam and distinctive waistband are a stylistic nod to the shorts Roger Bannister wore when he broke the 4-minute mile in 1954. And if you're curious about performance, the moisture-wicking water-repellent nylon blend will help you stay dry when those surprise storms interrupt your run. Read more: Best Running Shoes. When it comes to consumer praise, it's hard to argue with over 7,400 reviews and an average 4.5 star rating. What you get here are two pairs of nylon gym shorts with side pockets and a comfortable drawstring waistband. And because they're so affordable ($32) you can wear these for your toughest workouts and refresh on new pairs as needed. Read more: Best Gym Bags. We're set on the opinion every guy should own a pair of Pace Breakers. The short is basically guaranteed to last you for several years (if not more) no matter how many workouts you put them through. Grab a pair of the 5" inseam and wear these for all your workouts, from short distance runs to weight training sessions. Read more: Best Compression Pants. We love the Kore Short thanks to its versatility in styling. You can wear them everywhere, whether it be the gym, your local coffee shop, heck, even the beach. Vuori took the recycled polyester and elastane blend the Kore is made from and added specs like moisture-wicking, 4-way stretch, and odor resistance. This is all to say you're getting a top dog right here. Rhone is another top player when it comes to performance shorts. The Mako is a durable water repellant short that can be paired with athleisure or casual outfits. We like the 9" inseam in Asphalt, as the style provides more opportunity to wear with your everyday wardrobe, should you choose. Read more: Best White Sneakers. Chubbies aren't just for the college quad anymore. These snappy 5.5" shorts can hold up to your toughest workouts in the gym, too. Perforation on the outer shell gives your thighs some extra airflow, while the built-in liner holds a pocket for your phone (there's a rear zipper pocket for storage, too). When it comes to traditional sweatshorts, few make a pair better than Reigning Champ. The brand uses an ultra soft midweight terry cotton as its main material. But what truly elevates the sweatshort from traditional pairs are the small details like a ribbed waistband, a gusset, and flatlock seams. It's hard to mention Ten Thousand and not think about their shorts. The Interval Short is by far one of the performance wear brand's best selling models thanks to it's moisture wicking fabric and no-pinch waistband. This pair is the chosen short for all types of athletes, from trail runners to CrossFit competitors. Read more: Best Training Shoes. If you're wanting a short that prioritizes style as much as it does function, look no further than the Space-O. Satisfy Running used Italian polyamide and elastane and wove together a breathable mesh-like exterior with a technical silk liner. Hidden design notes like two nutrition pockets for gels, two separate inner key pouches, and a sweat proof phone pocket all represent the Space-O's commitment to handling long distance runs. Yeah, these shorts are awesome. Read more: Best Workout Headphones. It's true On Running is known more for its footwear options, however the company has been slowly growing its presence in performance apparel. The Explorer Short offers a unique design on what a hiking short should be, with premium features like ample pocket space and a stretchy, fully water repellent material. Woven from breathable mesh made and equipped with sweat-wicking Dri-FIT tech, Diamond Shorts are the perfect go-to pair for impromptu pickup games. Features like streamlined pockets and a soft elastic waistband make it so you can play your best without any distractions. An oldie but a goodie, these mesh athletic shorts are probably similar to the ones you grew up wearing. Whether you're just wearing them around the house, to sleep, or to sweat in, they're just as comfortable and versatile as you remember. And best of all, they'll only set you back 10 bucks. John Thompson is the Gear and Commerce Editor at Men’s Health, where he covers fashion, grooming, gear, and technology. He was previously the Style & Gear Editor at BroBible.com, and a commerce writer for TheManual.com. His interests include shopping for rare vintage clothes and following his favorite baseball team, the Kansas City Royals. Heath Owens is a Senior Commerce Editor at Hearst Magazines, where he covers home, fashion, tech and gifts for Good Housekeeping, House Beautiful, Esquire, Delish, Men’s Health, and more. 11 Patagonia Jackets You Should Know About. 18 Retro Sneakers That Will Forever Be in Style. Where to Buy Kendall Roy's Gucci Sneakers. 36 Sunglasses for Every Guy's Budget and Style. Get 20% Off This Patagonia Bomber Hoodie. 20 Sunglasses Brands That Really Bring the Heat. 15 Waxed Canvas Jackets to Wear This Spring. Run to REI for Up to 50% Off Running Shoes. Save Big on This Retro-Inspired Puffer from Wellen. One of Our Favorite Backpacks Is up to $40 Off. 24 Classic Black T-Shirts You'll Want to Own. 10 Stylist-Approved New Balance Shoes to Buy Now. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Our fitness experts found the best gym shorts for men to fit every budget and workout. It’s a lot easier to enjoy a summit sunrise if you’re not gasping for air and massaging cramps out of your quads. That said, working out in the gym is a good way to prepare for working out outside. And a great pair of gym shorts is key to getting the most fitness and fun out of your workouts in the gym. We’ve put in countless hours testing shorts through some of the most grueling workouts to find the best gym shorts for men. We put these shorts (and our testers) through a wide range of activities, from weightlifting and powerlifting to running, gymnastics, and kettlebell workouts. Heck, we even jumped rope to see how these shorts held up. We looked at a variety of factors, including fit and feel, elasticity, durability, and moisture control. Style was also a factor because, hey, if you like how you look, you’ll perform better. After months of chalk, sweat, and blood (and maybe a tear or two), we’ve found the best workout shorts on the market. The following list represents gym shorts in a range of categories. If you need more help deciding, be sure to check out our buyer’s guide at the end of our review to unravel just how to choose the best gym shorts. Also, check out our comparison chart to see how our choices stack up against one another and our FAQ section for any lingering questions. Scroll through to see all of our recommended buys or jump to the category you’re looking for:. Some of our favorite workout shorts are the ones that don’t look like workout shorts at all. The Banks Shorts ($68) from Encinitas-based apparel company Vuori perform like top-tier workout apparel but look like a comfy pair you’d wear to grab coffee with a friend. This is due in part to the recycled polyester exterior, which gives the shorts a fabric look and texture instead of the smooth shininess that you see in many workout shorts. The scalloped leg openings and contrasting waistband add to the eye-pleasing aesthetic. In the gym, the Banks just gets better. The elastane provides plenty of stretch, giving wearers a completely free range of motion. During power cleans, the shorts held up to repeated impact and bar friction with no pilling or abrasion. We soaked them through with sweat during row intervals, but they recovered faster than we did. After 10 minutes, our tester was still sitting on a bench with his head in his hands, but the shorts were bone dry. Check Price at REICheck Price at evo. So you wanna be a baller? A shot caller? And you want to do it on a budget? Then check out the Champion Mesh Shorts ($15). These are the OG athletic shorts — old-school cool, if you will. They offer a classic style, and at $15, they also offer tremendous value. Chances are if you played any kind of team sport growing up, you’ve probably owned a pair of Champions’ mesh shorts. While these aren’t the lightest or most technical shorts on the list, champion hits the mark with ample airflow, a full athletic fit, and two front pockets. At 9 inches, the inseam is definitely on the longer side, but these shorts still fall just above the knee and allow for totally unencumbered movement in any plane. The waistband is comfortable and functional with a simple drawcord to keep them where you want them. Everything you need, nothing you don’t. If you’re not looking to break the bank on a pair of gym shorts, and you just need something practical and functional to hit the court and then the weight room, look no further than the Champion mesh shorts. Check Price at REICheck Price at Scheels. Simply put, the Active Pursuits Shorts ($45) are everything you need in a running short at a reasonable price ($45). Made of polyester and spandex, these shorts offer both unencumbered movement and excellent sweat-wicking. The waistband is comfortable and features a drawstring to keep things in place while you’re putting in the miles. The recycled polyester liner is comfortable and wicks sweat well, and combined with flat seams to prevent chafing, you’ll be comfortable mile after mile. The active pursuit is an especially good trail short, featuring UPS 50 sun protection and a zippered front key/cash pocket. While they aren’t as stylish as the Gym Swim, or as comfortable as the Ponto, these are the shorts we’d choose to run and hike in 10 times out of 10. They’re more than happy to pull double duty in the weight room too, where the 4-way stretch and flat seams really shine by offering comfortable, full-range movement for all of your lifts. If you’re looking for a great trail running short that you can wear to the gym too, look no further than the Active Pursuits Short. The Chubbies Gym Swim short ($59) is top of the list for best everyday short for a few simple reasons: they look good, they fit well, and they perform great in the gym. If you’re the kind of person who finds yourself stopping by the river after you’ve been at the gym or running errands around town before you hit the weight room, look no further than the Gym Swim. These shorts feature two front pockets with ample room and a rear zippered pocket to keep your keys and small items stowed safely. Featuring four-way stretch fabric and a comfortable elastic waistband, these unlined shorts will have you feeling as good as you look. We think unlined shorts are just the ticket on super hot days, but if you prefer a little more support in your day-to-day, be sure to check out Chubbies’ underwear offerings. Additionally, you’ll have your choice of 5.5-inch or 7-inch inseams depending on your own personal proclivities, though we’d like to take this opportunity to remind you of one of our favorite sayings — “Sky’s out, thighs out.”. Check Price at REICheck Price at Amazon. The Vuori Ponto Shorts ($78) are very comfortable, and with their four-way stretch and moisture-wicking recycled material, they’re equally at home lounging at the coffee shop or smashing a WOD at your local CrossFit Box. The Ponto is a four-pocket short, featuring two front hand pockets, a zippered rear pocket, and a fourth zippered key pocket inside the front right pocket. The fit and finish of these shorts truly are a cut above the rest. The waistband and drawstring are part of what make these shorts so comfortable and keep them riding on your waist without pinching or exerting undo pressure. These shorts are unlined which is normally a huge plus in our book, but because of the way the material canvases your features, we’d recommend “layering up” if you catch our drift. At $78, the Ponto is double the price of many shorts on this list, and while they certainly sport a premium fit, finish, and feel, it’s hard not to wonder if the price is worth it, especially with shorts like the Gym Swim on the list. But hey, if you’ve got the budget and you want to look good and feel even better, take a look at the Ponto Short. If you find most of your training revolves around logging miles on the trail or pounding pavement, take a look at the Under Armour Launch short ($35). These shorts feature a 7-inch inseam, four-way stretch, and a polyester liner as well as one of the most comfortable waistbands of any shorts on this list. The anti-odor tech keeps your running funk to a tolerable level during and after long hot runs, which is a plus for running errands post-workout. The launch shorts come with two front pockets but unfortunately no rear pocket and nowhere else to store small items like keys or gels. They do, however, feature a right-side “power mesh” phone pocket, which certainly helps to keep your phone secure but isn’t exactly practical for dealing with bouncing during running. While these shorts are an excellent option for running, we recommend looking at other options like the Banks Short or Gym Swim if most of your fitness pursuits are in the gym. The beauty of these shorts ($78) is in the details. Subtle perforated venting along the sides and back waistband, a built-in elastic strap on the waistband to carry your shirt or towel on runs, and zippered pockets all add to the appeal of these shorts. The four-way stretch outer is accompanied by a super-soft interior boxer brief liner. These combine to make a short that is luxuriously comfortable and provides the same amount of freedom as wearing nothing at all. But it’s a lot more supportive than wearing nothing. The interior liner keeps everything in place during long runs, burpees, and box jumps. The added support also came in handy during multiple jump roping sessions. The shorts dried well, but the liner takes a little extra time to dry after a workout. We love the durability — the shorts resisted abrasion well, and after the workout, the chalk brushed right off. And thanks to the flat-lock stitching, we had no chafing or irritation during long runs and hour-long metabolic conditioning. Nike’s flex woven short ($35) is an excellent option for both runners and lifters but falls short in a few key categories. As the name implies, the Flex Woven short stretches, flexes, and moves well both in the gym and on the track. With an 8-inch inseam, these surprisingly lightweight shorts are reminiscent of our best budget pick, the Champion Mesh shorts but aren’t as practical or as comfortable. At $35, the Flex Woven short is decently priced, but compared to the $35 Chubbies Gym Swim, these shorts fall flat. The Flex Woven Shorts don’t have pockets and the sizing is definitely off. No pockets, not even for a single key or gel, is a big miss for running shorts, and the lack of even a rear zippered pocket really limits the practicality of these shorts. Additionally, our tester found the large to fit more like a medium, which lead to a slightly oppressive feeling of limited mobility, especially while squatting. Potential buyers may want to size up or try these shorts on before purchasing. If you value lightweight flexible shorts with a longer cut and don’t care about pockets or don’t wear workout clothes outside of the gym, the Flex Woven short could be just the ticket. If, like us, you need a little more function and practicality and don’t care about weight, we’d recommend looking at other options like the Chubbies Gym Swim or the Vuori Ponto. Check Price at AmazonCheck Price at Academy. Here at GearJunkie, our team of experts is literally obsessed with finding the best gear. We spend an embarrassing amount of time combing through the internet to find the best of the best before sending those items to our expert reviewers for careful evaluation and testing. We look for the same things you look for in a product — value, performance, fit, and finish. Our comprehensive evaluation translates to more time in the gym or on the trail for you and less time pulling your hair out over which product to buy. We strive to create thorough, comprehensive, and helpful reviews to help you find the best gear for your individual needs. Lead tester and reviewer Paul Mandell is a strength and conditioning coach based in Bishop, California. Paul is no stranger to a good pair of gym shorts, especially when you consider that he wears them every day for work. The first thing to consider when you’re buying a pair of gym shorts is how you plan to use them. If you tend to favor one kind of workout over others, the pair of shorts you’ll want may be different. For instance, running shorts tend to be lightweight and shorter. Runners don’t want excess weight and material, and longer hems can cause irritation and chafe over time. If you run often, opt for a pair of shorts that also wicks away sweat and dries quickly. While quick drying is a great feature, it’s not as necessary in weightlifting shorts. The added weight isn’t as much of an issue, and there’s less risk of chafing. With gym shorts, your priority should be on flexibility and, for heavy lifters, durability. In a gym setting, you’re going to be going through a wide range of motions, so a pair of shorts with a lot of stretch is very handy. Lunges, jumps, sprints, and lateral movements all require a wide range of motion. The same goes for yoga and other mobility workouts. And heaven forbid you split your pants doing a squat. We can tell you from experience — it’s not fun. If your training entails Olympic lifts like the clean and jerk or deadlifts, durability is key. With these movements, the bar frequently comes into contact with your shorts. Most bars have diamond patterns on the gripping areas called knurling. These abrasive sections are there to help you grip the bar, but they can also wreak havoc on shorts. Climbing ropes can also put a lot of strain on shorts as well, especially if you tend to slide down from the top. Think about how you plan to use your shorts and choose an appropriate pair. Most shorts are made of a synthetic material like polyester or nylon mixed with a stretchy material like elastane or spandex. The synthetic material is great for wicking away sweat, while the elastic material provides stretch. If you want the feel of something more natural, we’ve included a great poly-cotton blend short in the list above. How the material is cut and sewn is as important as the material itself. Mesh vents are useful for allowing excess heat to escape, and scalloped hems give you even more freedom to move. Flat seams prevent chafing. Think carefully about what you’ll be using your shorts for, and choose accordingly. When it comes to gym shorts, fit goes in the realm of personal preference. Most gymgoers tend to choose a slimmer fit, as slim shorts are less likely to snag on equipment. A sleeker short also tends to be more supportive, particularly if it has a good liner. Baggier shorts are popular for the freedom of movement they provide. However, with the stretch that most shorts offer, that isn’t as much of an issue. If you make sure that your shorts have plenty of stretch and they fit your waist, you should be comfortable. Fit definitely also ventures into the realm of style, so think about what you want folks to see you wearing. Speaking of style, do you know about the three S’s? Essential for having a great gym session, the three S’s are Style, Safety, and Style. In that order. Maybe you don’t care as much about your running shorts as you do about looking good in your gym shorts. Maybe you want people to know what true power looks like (hint: it’s your glutes), or maybe you just want clean shorts that are equally at home in the gym and at the coffee shop.  Either way, be sure you’re going to look and feel good in whatever you choose. The most common inseam lengths for workout shorts are 5, 7, and 9 inches. Runners often go for a higher hem to minimize material, so they tend to go for the 5-inch inseam. If you lift a lot, the 9-inch inseam provides more coverage and protection from the barbell. The 7-inch inseam is a good blend of the two. So, if you do a bit of everything, that’s a solid choice. One big exception to the rule is lifters who focus primarily on deadlifts. Clothing adds friction, so if you are near the higher end of your strength level, longer shorts may hinder you. Many lifters wear shorter hemmed shorts or roll their shorts up before a heavy deadlift. Though at a certain point, deadlifting or doing any Olympic work in shorts is just asking for bloody shins. Consider yourself warned. You generally don’t lift weights with stuff in your pockets, but a rear pocket and two front pockets are ideal for any time you wear your shorts outside the gym. Runners generally carry a few necessities with them, like keys, some cash or cards, and energy gels, so zippered pockets are almost certainly mandatory. Make sure that at least one pocket zips shut to prevent anything from falling out. If you’re the kind of person who changes at the gym, pockets probably aren’t a high priority for you. Take a minute to think about what you need from your shorts and choose accordingly. The best gym shorts are the ones that you don’t realize you’re wearing. These shorts stay out of your way and let you forget about them while you train. The main thing to look for in a good pair of shorts is plenty of stretch so they don’t limit your movement. Ideally, your shorts will also be made of a sweat-wicking material that pulls sweat away from you and dries quickly. This prevents the shorts from absorbing sweat and weighing you down while you work out. After those necessities, look for additional perks that will make them more comfortable. Shorts with flat (or no) seams minimize irritation spots, and zippered pockets keep your keys, cash, and cards safe on runs. Also, drawstrings keep your shorts from falling off when you’re doing burpees. For linerless athletic shorts, we recommend wearing a pair of briefs or boxer briefs over loose boxers or going commando. There are two main reasons for this. One, you are going to appreciate the extra support on runs or double-unders. Keeping the bouncing to a minimum is key to a comfortable workout. Two, nobody wants to see your bits. Wearing snug and comfortable underwear under your workout shorts will prevent any accidental flashing while you work out. If your training shorts have a good liner, you can forgo any extra underwear. The liner will provide the support and modesty that a pair of briefs will. In general, synthetic material is best for sport shorts. Materials like polyester tend to be lighter, wick sweat away from your body, and they tend to dry more quickly. A good pair of shorts will also have an amount of elastic material as well. This gives the shorts some stretch, which allows you a full range of motion during your workouts. If you prefer natural fibers, there are also wool and cotton shorts on the market. If you go this route, make sure the material is blended with an elastic-like elastane. This will give those shorts the stretch that you’ll need for your workout. Despite its intense reputation, CrossFit is a sport that’s accessible for people of all shapes, sizes, and skill levels, and that goes for the footwear, as well. Read more…. While not as well-known as dumbbells and barbells, kettlebell weights are one of the most versatile and (dare we say it) fun pieces of workout equipment you’ll find. Our CrossFit-loving expert found the best kettlebells of 2021. Read more…. Sign up to receive GearJunkie content direct to your inbox. Sign up to receive GearJunkie content direct to your inbox. Gear
Top Stories
Deals.

The Lululemon Pool Short is versatile and built to last. We independently evaluate all recommended products and services. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
 Learn more. Lululemon / Bather / Amazon / Nordstrom. Whether you’re hitting the beach or lounging by the pool, you’ll need a bathing suit that’s both comfortable and good-looking. And these days, rocking a pair of below-the-knee board shorts just won’t cut it. Today’s bathing suits are shorter—in the 5- to 7-inch inseam range—and aren’t shy about bold and fun patterns. Today’s best bathing suits are also often made of eco-friendly, quick-drying material, so you can go from the pool or beach to summiting a mountain or out for dinner without having to change. For a versatile bathing suit that’s built to last, our favorite is Lululemon’s Pool Short. It’s extremely comfortable, made mostly from recycled materials, and it comes in either 5- or 7-inches in length. But there are plenty of bathing suits out there for a reason, so from tiny briefs to performance shorts built for working out and then jumping into a pool, this list has something for everyone. Why We Love it: Stylish and uber-comfortable, it feels like you’re wearing nothing at all, nothing at all, nothing at all . . . . What to Consider: The shape parachutes out from the leg rather than being fitted. According to the commentators of TikTok, every man looks good in 5-inch-inseam shorts, and they’d certainly have nothing to complain about with this Lululemon bathing suit. Meant to be an easy flow from yoga to the pool, Lululemon’s bathing suit not only shows off your thighs, it’s also super-comfy and functional. It's made with breathable mesh liners coated with a material that prevents it from breaking down in chlorine, and it has a back zipper with an easy-to-pull drawcord if you need to grab something while in the water. Oh, and it's stylish too, with eight bright and funky colors. Thigh shy? Lululemon also sells a 7-inch version. Price at time of publish: $78. Inseam sizes: 5 or 7 inches | Material: Recycled polyester, elastane | Liner: Polyester, Xtra Life Lycra elastane | Pockets: Two | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: A high-performance, stylish suit that takes a good crack at diminishing its impact on the planet. What to Consider: It's pricey. Canada-based Bather stormed onto the scene nearly a decade ago and has managed to bubble to the top of a highly competitive swimsuit scene. It's Technical Surf suits are as good, if not better than, any others you’ll try, with a breathable fabric that seamlessly stretches in all directions; they somehow manage to hug your thighs without being too tight. Yes, these are short for board shorts at 6.5-inch inseam, but that’s the style these days. But the best part is they walk the walk on the environment by not just using mostly recycled materials, but also donating to an organization, 1 percent for the Planet, which helps ocean cleanups and marine conservation. Bather also sells a more traditional suit with a 5.5-inch inseam. Price at time of publish: $95. Inseam sizes: 6.5 inches | Material: Recycled polyester, elastane | Liner: None | Pockets: One | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: Choose from plenty of funky colors for whatever fits your vibe. What to Consider: They aren’t as durable or soft as other bathing suits we reviewed. From bananas to sharks to pineapples, Maamgic’s bathing suit prints bring the party to the pool or beach, but they're not just fun to look at. Maamgic’s swim shorts also dry pretty quickly and are soft enough to wear throughout the day. What else could you ask for at that price? Price at time of publish: $32. Inseam sizes: 7 inches | Material: Polyester | Liner: Mesh | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: The interior liner is a game-changer in the fight against chafing. What to Consider: The dry time is not super-quick. The material used for this bathing suit is made from 12 recycled plastic bottles, but you won’t notice that when you’re wearing them, as they’re extremely soft and stretch in all directions. And while you’re feeling good about yourself for being eco-friendly, you’ll also be enjoying life without chafing, as these come with a soft boxer-brief-like liner made from the same materials as the outer suit. Price at time of publish: $68. Inseam sizes: 8 inches | Material: 88 percent recycled polyester and 12 percent spandex | Liner: Polyester and spandex boxer brief short | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love it: It’s a light and soft bathing suit you can wear all day. What to Consider: It might be comfortable enough to wear anywhere, but it still looks like a bathing suit. Made for swimming, hiking, biking, or whatever other adventures your trip entails, Everlane’s popular bathing suit has a unique feel that’s soft to touch and dries quickly, so you can go from the beach to the restaurant without feeling soggy. With a bit of stretch but not too much, it's comfy as well, and it's made of recycled plastic bottles, so you can feel good about wearing them. Price at time of publish: $65. Inseam sizes: 7 inches | Material: Recycled nylon, elastane | Liner: Recycled polyester mesh | Pockets: Two | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: They're great for performance, and the anti-odor material keeps you fresh while chilling on the beach. What to Consider: They claim to be eco-friendly, but they’re made from only 44 percent recycled materials. These above-the-knee board shorts from Vuori manage to give a surfer look without being extra-long or baggy. Stretching in four directions, they’re great for performance and dry quickly. They also have UPF 30 to block the sun and have an anti-odor material. They also come in comfortably above the knee at a 7-5-inch inseam and are available in 14 funky color combos. Price at time of publish: $68. Outseam size: 18.5 inches | Material: Recycled Polyester, polyester, elastane | Liner: None | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: As with all Patagonia products, you’ll never have to worry about these breaking down or going out of style. What to Consider: While comfortable, the liner is mesh. Arguably the most popular bathing suit on this list, Patagonia’s classic Baggies are great for jumping in the lake and then continuing on with your adventure. The material is made from 100 percent recycled nylon, so you can feel good that they’re eco-friendly. If 5 inches is too short for your taste, you can get them in a longer 7-inch style. Price at time of publish: $65. Inseam sizes: 5 or 7 inches | Material: Nylon faille | Liner: Black mesh | Pockets: Two | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: These are super-comfortable with the boxer-brief-like liner, and they dry quickly so you can go from pool to agility drills in no time. What to Consider: They’re pricey and tend to fit a little snugly, so consider going up a size. For those who plan to swim and train on their travels, there are no better shorts than Ten Thousand’s Set Shorts. Stretching in all directions, they won’t inhibit your movement, and the compression liner prevents chafing. Set Shorts are also great at fighting off odors and have a solid storage scheme with two hip pockets, a zippered rear pocket, and one dedicated for your phone. Price at time of publish: $78. Inseam sizes: 6.5 inches | Material: 85 percent nylon, 15 percent spandex | Liner: Compression boxer brief liner | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Elastic. Why We Love Them: Chubbies are renowned for comfort, but the boxer-brief liner here makes them even comfier. What to Consider: The style is firmly a bathing suit, so you probably won’t want to keep these on all day. Chubbies are an iconic bathing suit brand, and their patterns are always wild. But these stand out among other suits, since they come with a super-comfy liner made from almost the exact-same outer material that’s made Chubbies so famous. They also have a zippered back pocket, so you won’t lose your keys. Price at time of publish: $80. Inseam sizes: 5.5 inches | Material: 92 percent polyester, 8 percent spandex | Liner: 91 percent polyester, 9 percent spandex boxer-brief liner | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Drawstring. Why We Love Them: Hang out by the pool like it’s 1974, but with eco-friendly recycled polyester. What to Consider: There are more form-fitting bathing suits for less money, and these only have a simple mesh liner. A great style pick, Bonobos’ Throwbacks are retro in the best way possible with bold colors and a simple strip on the side. They come in more than a dozen unique styles, from pineapples to waves to bold turquoise. If 5 inches is too thigh-high, you can also get them in a 7-inch inseam. Price at time of publish: $89. Inseam sizes: 5 or 7 inches | Material: 85 percent recycled polyester, 15 percent spandex | Liner: Mesh | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Elastic. Why We Love Them: They’re a classic European look without the lag when doing laps. What to Consider: You'd better put sunscreen on those thighs. If you're traveling to many parts of Europe or Brazil, long board shorts will make you stand out like a sore thumb, so blend in with the locals with a pair of swim briefs. If you do, Speedo remains the best pick for performance, though if you really want to show off, fashion brands like Versace and Calvin Klein also make swim briefs. Price at time of publish: $45. Inseam sizes: None | Material: 78 percent nylon, 22 percent spandex | Liner: None | Pockets: No | Waist closure: Spandex. Why We Love Them: Gorgeous style, and they also work as classy shorts. What to Consider: They’re very expensive. Britain’s Orlebar Brown makes excellent bathing suits that look like works of art, but they’ll cost you. At least for this price, you can rest assured that they’ll also look great as shorts, since they’re designed using the traditional 17-piece tailoring pattern. Price at time of publish: $245. Inseam sizes: 6 inches | Material: Recycled Polyester | Liner: Mesh | Pockets: Three | Waist closure: Adjustable waist tabs. All of the bathing suits we reviewed are designed to be fast-drying. As you’ll notice, none of them is made with cotton, which doesn’t dry quickly and is the reason your regular shorts aren’t great for swimming. The popular style these days is shorter than it was a decade ago at 5 to 8 inches. Longer is fine if that’s what your comfort level is, but a bathing suit that fits lower than the knee will limit your mobility and take longer to dry, in addition to not fitting the current trend. Many guys have experienced the pain of a chafing after a day at the pool. Thankfully, some brands have revolutionized the inner liner by moving away from mesh toward a compression brief style. But all mesh liners aren’t created equal—some are softer than others—and not everyone is plagued by chafing. So if you’ve never had issues with mesh, stick with that, as it’ll give you more choices. Men’s swim trunks, swimsuits, and bathing suits are all the same thing, but board shorts are a little different. They’re meant for surfing, they tend to be longer, they don’t have a liner, and they rarely have any elasticity in the waist. It’s all about preference. Board shorts come without a liner, while others have different kinds of liners, from mesh to compression boxer-brief-style shorts. You’ve probably worn a bathing suit before, and if you didn’t mind the mesh liner, then keep up with that. If you frequently experience chafing, maybe consider a different option. Material is all about softness, stretchiness, and how quickly it will dry. Many of the bathing suits we reviewed use eco-friendly recycled polyester, but you’ll also see some with nylon, elastane, or spandex. All of those are comfortable and dry quickly, so it just depends on your preference and how much you want to spend. You really should wash your bathing suit after wear — even if you don't get wet. Between sweat, pool chemicals, sun screen, sand, and salt, our swimsuits come into contact with a lot of things that can ruin the fabric if not washed. From fading due to chlorine exposure to bacteria build-up from sweat, your bathing suit is at risk of looking dingy fast, so be sure to give it a good rinse with fresh water when you come out of the pool or ocean and wash it after each wear. Travel + Leisure writers are shopping and product experts who use personal experience and expert recommendations to choose the best items for shoppers. For this article, writer Joel Balsam, a frequent traveler who has visited more than 50 countries, reviewed and selected from the industry’s best options. Love a great deal? Sign up for our T+L Recommends newsletter, and we'll send you our favorite travel products each week. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Surf’s up, dudes — and welcome back to bathing suit season. Not to jinx it, but it may finally be springtime, which means that, soon enough, it will be warm enough to hit the beach or the pool — or tanning on the roof of your apartment, at the very least. Or, if you have a sunny destination in mind for spring break, you’ll need plenty of board shorts so that your outfits aren’t, well, boring! Unless you frequent the more scantily-clad beaches abroad, the one thing you’ll need to make sure you have for summer is a great pair of swim trunks. And after a year of wear from the beach and chlorine, chances are its time for a new suit. From baggier trunks to board shorts for days out on the boat, check out our list below for comfortable and stylish swim trunks that will make any man beach-body ready just by putting on a pair of shorts. We’ll keep this short — these are the trunks for spring and summer. The Pool Short is new for this season, coming in a seven-inch length falling above the knee and in an array of fun colors that will pop in the pool or on the beach. The coolest part may be the pocket, as it comes with a zipper closure on the side to ensure your beach belongs don’t fall out. One day you’ll be able to swim in a sea free of discarded plastic bottles, with help from these shorts. Vuori believes in a clean ocean and eco-friendly clothing, which is how the Cruise Boarshorts came about. They are made with recycled plastic bottles but feel super high-quality in and out of the water. The shorts come in a variety of colors as well, including the blue above, pink, yellow and black. You’ll come for the athletic wear, but stay for the swim. From Alo Yoga, these swim trunks combine the comfort of athletic clothing with the functionality and fabric of a swim trunk. The shorts come with a fitted waistband and drawcord and also have a Velcro closure to keep them secure in the waves, plus four-way stretch to fit most body types. Book that beach vacation, just do it. These Nike shorts are perfect for the summer, coming in bright blue, neon green, peachy orange and basic black to mix and match all season. They are also fully lined, have mesh pockets on either side and the whole suit is made of 100% recycled polyester fibers, keeping your swim sustainable. Designer dudes don’t stop just because it’s time to take a dip. Rock these Gucci swim shorts this summer with this find from Farfetch. The shorts come in navy blue, with a red racing stripe down each leg featuring the iconic Gucci logos. They are indeed functional, too, allowing you to swim with their waterproof nylon fabric and adjustable drawstring waist. Speed on over to Amazon to check these out. Speedo is a brand synonymous with swimming, and so it’s only fitting they made the list. We found this full-coverage pair of shorts on Amazon, but for those looking for the classic speedos, they have those as well. For a swimmer that’s big and tall, we have your back. Well, Ralph Lauren does, at least. Shop these stylish swim trunks in an array of extended sizes for all. They each come in fun colors, too, including the pictured sky blue, yellow, red and aqua. Make a splash this summer in a pair of stylish Hurley swim trunks. The beach brand is great for all things surfing and waves, so of course they have an array fo boardshorts to browse. The Cannonball pair come in three different fun patterns and colors, ranging in size from a small to an XXL. Hit the Bahamas or really anywhere with a pool in these rockin’ shorts. The Baja Bonita pattern is super stylish and fun for summer, featuring blue and neon-tinted palm leaves. They come in an inclusive range of sizes as well, and also are sold in straight sizing, too. Why wear a suit designed for the masses when you could have one customized just for you? We had some fun designing a New York Post trunk, but you can make your own design choices if you want and we won’t mind. Head to Billabong’s site and pick the style of suit first, and then choose colors and patterns for each leg, front and back, the back pocket, drawstring and patches — and you can even add embroidered customization to the back pocket. Perfect for a present, or gift yourself a new pair — it’s all up to you. Stylish suits at amazing prices? Yes, please. Head to Shein for some of the best swimmies on a budget, including these trendy tie-dye shorts for just $13. The shorts range from a small to XXL, as do many of the styles. If tie-dye isn’t your thing, be sure to browse the brand’s other men’s suits to find something you’re sure to love. For those who enjoy European vacations, here is a suit for you. Bare it all in a comfortable swim brief that will give you the best tan lines and least bulk under shorts or pants before jumping in the water. The briefs come in both green and blue, as well as a super fun neon green with shells. Like all Vilebrequin suits, minimalism is key and, well, they are definitely minimal. When life gives your lemons, put them on swim trunks. This bestselling pattern is from Kenny Flowers, which also means it comes in shirts and even dresses for your significant other to match you poolside. Swim with just a splash of style with these trunks from Duvin Design. They carry a ton of fun prints and styles, like these for example, as a staple for your beach wardrobe. If Amazon chose it, it has to be good. This pair of trunks from Kanu Surf are an Amazon Choice product, racking up over 63,000 reviews and counting. Join the many loyal supporters of the brand, rocking trunks in any of the 40+ colors and patterns. These Chubbies are super stylish, especially a shorter look and a fun time hanging by the pool. Check out the neon sign palm tree print, lined with a matching stretch liner to keep everything contained. Show off your tan with these bright white swim trunks. The Nautica trunks come in a few solid colors, but we love the crisp white, sold on Amazon and an Amazon Choice product, at that. For a take on the classic track pants, transition into matching trunks when the weather warms up. The three-stripe is an iconic look, and they come in solid black with a white stripe, in addition to nine other shades from bright blue to soft salmon pink. Cover what you want but show off the rest with this swim brief from Speedo. They really are the name of the game when it comes to swimwear, and we love the amount of fun colors and patterns this suit is sold in, highlighting the bright rainbow option, of course. Whether you are sun bathing or bathing by the pool, these swim shorts are great. The blue tie-dye pattern is reminiscent of waves in the ocean — dyed using an ancient technique called Shibori dyeing. An everyday short made for hiking, biking, running and swimming? Yes, please! Made with recycled content and available in five different colors, this Everlane short is next level. It’s water-repellent, features active stretch fabric and features a supportive mesh liner. Choose from five colors and unlock a modern slim fit, drawstring waist, mesh lining and textured design. Looking for the most versatile swim trunks? Well, you’ve found them. These are great for various outdoor activities, such as swimming, kayaking and running, and come in eight colors. Ted Baker always gets it right, and these swim shorts are no different. A classic swim short, they provide comfort, the perfect length and are made with 100% recycled polyester. Choose from three colors. From the track to the pool, these shorts are perfect for all spring and summer activities. The versatile shorts can also be unisex, with a mid-thigh length and coming in a rainbow of six colors, raging in size from a XS to a 3XL. We’re talking about Macy’s Club Room, which has some of the best basics. Start your swim collection with one of every color (eight to be exact) that range in size from small to 2XL. We’re suckers for these swim shorts. Check out these fun and super soft swim trunks, with a seersucker fabrication and a shorter length to show off some skin and soak up the sun. Reduce, reuse and recycle. That is the Bonobos model, and now you can recycle with ease when you swim in the Riviera trunks. They come in a pretty sea foam blue color, as well as a plethora of other shades. The checker-print swim trunks are perfect for spring and summer, with a pink and white check pattern and a longer 15-inch inseam length. Drop your anchor here, in your search for the best swim trunks of 2023. Rounding out our list, the bestselling Anchor shorts are a great pick for full-coverage board shorts in a whopping 22 colors and patterns. Check out New York Post Shopping for more content.

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories. By Yang-Yi Goh and Avidan Grossman. All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. Look, we get it: The best men's swim trunks might not be exactly top of mind at the moment. It's bleak outside, temperatures are steadily on the downswing, and you're positively bursting with excitement to bust out that new jacket. Staying inside—comfortably ensconced in the climate-controlled environment of your apartment while you plan your winter fits—is priority numero uno. But even if you're not doing all that much swimming right now, that doesn’t mean you shouldn't treat yourself to a new swimsuit, necessarily. Fact is, these days, the very best men's swim trunks are designed to double as the very best shorts, period. (And no matter how frigid the weather, you'll always want a solid pair of shorts on hand—you know, just in case.). From the fit to the fabric to the details, the right pair of swim trunks should pair seamlessly with the rest of your wardrobe, and won't look a hair out of place whether you're hanging out at home, heading out for a jog, or hitting the bodega down the street. And if the opportunity comes to take a dip in your buddy's indoor pool, or spend the weekend at the sun-drenched locale of your choice before steeling yourself for another few months of winter misery? You'll already be perfectly dressed and ready to go. So with all that in mind, here are 17 of the absolute finest multi-purpose, next-generation, and yes, all-around best men's swim trunks to buy right now. Here’s everything we want from our trunks in 2023: a comfortable, above-the-knee fit that shows off just the right amount of thigh; plenty of pockets, because duh; and a sturdy fabric that performs well in the water, dries quickly out of it, and won’t raise any eyebrows if you’re wearing it more than a few miles from the beach. (A silky-soft mesh lining doesn't hurt, either.) The signature model from Bather, a tiny independent label out of Toronto, hits all of those marks and then some. They’re the ideal inseam and silhouette for just about every body type, and will hold up like a champ through beach days, workouts, weekend hangs, and heavy wash cycles. Oh, yeah, and they also come in dozens of solid colors and wild patterns—from plain Jane navy and white to trippy florals—so it’s damn near impossible not to find one that works for you. In our humble opinion, the best of the bunch is this floral number, which will take your warm weather fits from good to damn, this guy really knows what he's doing. It’s tough to establish a new gold standard in menswear, to rejig something familiar so perfectly it becomes the baseline by which all future versions are judged. A.P.C. did it with their aptly-named New Standard jeans, bringing stiff selvedge denim to a whole new generation. Common Projects managed it, too, with the Achilles Low—their luxed-up, Italian-made take on a classic white tennis shoe. And just over a decade ago, Orlebar Brown pulled that same trick off for swimwear with the Bulldog. They’re as precisely tailored as suit trousers—with fetching buckled side tabs to keep ‘em extra snug in the waves—with the same convenient pockets and zip fly as any regular bottoms, all cut from lightweight, quick-dry nylon that won’t fade dramatically over time. Add that up, and you get a pair of trunks so definitive and intuitive it’s hard to believe no one had ever thought to make them that way prior. If any one pair was responsible for launching the swimwear-as-shorts movement, it’d be Patagonia Baggies. For close to 40 years now, they’ve been the signature warm weather bottoms of hardcore mountaineers, deep sea fishers, camper van lifers, dedicated Deadheads, and backyard-grilling dads the world over. More recently—as the fashion world has gravitated toward practical, outdoorsy gear—they’ve also been adopted as the summer uniform for a certain strain of stylish young fella. It’s easy to see the appeal across all those demographics: they’re tough but lightweight, laidback but presentable, affordable as hell, trend-proof in fit and form and function. And, because they’re made by Patagonia, you can rest assured knowing you’re supporting a company that’s almost always on the right side of history. Brazil’s Frescobol Carioca specializes in a sub-genre we like to call “extremely-rich-guy resortwear.” There’s just something about their signature prints that feels tailor-made for a flawlessly overtanned Most Interesting Man-type stepping off a private chopper onto the helipad of his 200-foot mega-yacht in St. Tropez. You’ll probably never have that guy’s lifestyle, but you can at least have his bathing suit. These ones, in particular, will look as killer by the pool with a polo as they will dressed up for dinner with a sport coat and loafers. Way back in 1961, Carrie Birdwell Mann started sewing heavyweight nylon shorts for surfing—"beach britches," as she called them, the very first of their kind—from her living room in Southern California. Six decades later, her original two-ply, triple-stitched design is still as handsome, practical, and impossible to wear out as ever. If you're after some serious throwback, hang-ten, shaka-hand energy, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better pair of drawstring waist boardies than these. Thanks to their drawstring waist, snapback pocket, and supportive mesh interior, these trunks function (and look like) your go-to gym shorts—but their vibe is way more beach-ready. To absolutely no one's surprise, Todd Snyder's inaugural swim trunk still looks as good today as when it debuted in the spring of last year. Florals, paisley, and stripes, oh my! Dries' wild-style swim trunks will have you strutting down the dive board like it's your own personal runway. No chance of getting lost at sea with these suckers on. Tell us you're ready to bring the party from the beach to the rooftop without actually telling us you're ready to bring the party from the beach to the rooftop. Much like their incredibly silky underwear, CDLP's swim shorts were designed to make you look—and feel—fantastic when you're hitting the waves. Wait, you aren't an '80s sitcom heartthrob? In these, you might as well be. True Tribe's endlessly flattering swim shorts took home top honors in GQ's Fitness Awards last year—and, it turns out, they look even better in a trippy tie dye. 17 Super Fly, Super Discounted Swim Trunks to Buy Right Now. The Best Men’s Water Shoes Help You Tackle Muddy Terrains in Style. Todd Snyder’s Brand New Swim Trunks Double As Perfect Spring Shorts. The Best Waterproof Watches Will Keep Your Wrist Fly and Dry. By Avidan Grossman and Gerald Ortiz. Wayfair's Spring Clearance Sale: Up to 70% off. Apply Bed Bath and Beyond coupon and save 25% off your entire purchase. Target Circle: up to 50% Off with Target promo code. 10% Off Michaels coupon code for seniors. Save 20% on Sneakers & Sports with Asos Discount Code. Michael Kors promo code: $50 off. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

© 2023 41 Pushups, LLC. Socks may seem like a small detail in an outfit, but they play a significant role in comfort and style. It is the most commonly worn item as winter approaches because nobody likes to come into contact with the cold floor. They are essential for many activities, including walking, running, and gym workouts. Wearing the best women’s socks contribute to the body’s comfort throughout the day, no matter what you’re doing. If you are someone who wears compression socks, you might not wear them again after reading this study. They might be hurting your performance. New research suggests there is a lack of scientific evidence that supports claims that these socks help people run better. Instead, study authors found that the tight fabric reduced the oxygen a runner’s lower leg muscles receive. Also, if you or someone you know have stinky feet and can’t shake that odorous smell, the study suggests wearing socks coated in zinc oxide nanoparticles (ZnO-NPs). These specialized clothing items have shown the ability to prevent bromodosis (foot odor) and pitted keratolysis (a bacterial infection that leads to smelly feet). And to make your job easier, StudyFinds has chosen the top five best women’s socks for you after reviewing 11 expert sites. From everyday wear to athletic performance, these socks have been chosen for their high quality, comfort, and versatility. Whether you’re looking for cozy socks to wear around the house or durable socks for outdoor activities, you will find a pair on this list that meets your needs. Of course, you may completely disagree with it, but let us know which socks are your favorite in the comments below. Runners World names this pair number one and says, “The Balega Hidden Comfort is one of the most popular running socks and for good reason. They are seamless, moisture-wicking, and somehow manage to be both plush and breathable at the same time. The fit is on the looser side, but they won’t slide around or fall down thanks to the heel tab, and they are great for newbies and amateurs alike.”. “Using Balega’s proprietary blend of synthetics, Drynamix, the Hidden Comfort socks keep your feet dry inside your running shoes. They help wick away moisture and speed up the evaporation process,” says Running Reviews. “There are meshed areas that allow greater airflow through the socks. With reinforced toes and heels, you will get the support and protection where you most need it.”. “Athletes are obsessed with these socks; some reviewers even say that these are their all-time favorite pair to run in. Made by the brand Balega, they’re well-loved for their second-skin feel, structured fit, and ventilated weave. With a cushioned sole, your foot strike will thank you,” mentions Elle. Good Housekeeping mentions that these are the best fuzzy socks for women and explains, “Slouchy, fuzzy socks are a classic part of lounging at home during colder months, and this pair from Barefoot Dreams captures that comfy feeling. They stay in place despite the slouchy style and barely shrank in our tests. Consumer testers loved the stylish look of these socks, giving them high scores for appearance, with multiple testers raving about their perfect fuzzy texture. Our analysts found the fabric to be undeniably soft in our evaluations, but the top seam may cause discomfort for some users, particularly those with a higher forefoot.”. “We know it might seem impossible to improve slipping into a pair of cozy socks after a long day, but we would like to introduce you to cult-favorite brand Barefoot Dreams,” notes Instyle. “They don’t bunch or fall down while walking. Each colorway is speckled with white to create a delicate heathered look. Pick between six different shades, and if we do say so ourselves, they make great holiday gifts, too.”. This fuzzy pair meets The Candidly‘s comfort criteria: “House socks must be cozy, but not too thick, so as to work for any weather or season. They must have a slightly loose elastic top, so as not to gouge into your upper ankle. They mustn’t have those hideous bottom treads or grips, as this interrupts the ability to take them effortlessly from house, to couch, to bed. And these are those socks. As evidenced by their deeply compelling name, they are indeed cozy and they are indeed chic.”. If you’re looking for a good no-show option, Good Housekeeping says this is the one for you: “Silicone grippers in the back and a thick elastic band around the ankle work together to help increase your confidence that these socks are likely to stay on your feet. Testers unanimously praised the comfortable feel of the cotton fabric, with one calling it ‘so thin and breathable, yet substantial enough to stay put.’ This pair fared well in our evaluations, outscoring other no-show socks in various Lab tests with their respectable abrasion resistance, but they shrank more than some socks we tested. If you’re between two sizes, consider sizing up for a more comfortable fit in the long term.”. Wear Testers says these are perfect for those who run hot: “They show more wear than my Bombas Cushioned No Show socks of the same age but clearly have plenty of wear and washes left. If you gravitate towards thinner no show socks, this is the Bombas offering you want.”. “Bombas seem to be everybody’s favorite socks. If you haven’t tried them yet, what are you waiting for? The brand, which donates a pair for every pair purchased, offers no-shows in several varieties. These lightweight ones are great for summer, but it also sells cushioned, performance, and merino wool styles, as well as a low-cut design that pairs especially well with flats,” writes Elle. Good Housekeeping says while these are a little thicker than others, they “have stay-put grippers in the back and thick elastic around the ankle, meaning they won’t slip down in your shoes. Testers loved the cushioned sole and soft cotton blend, with one raving ‘these are the most comfortable socks I’ve ever worn.’ Testers also appreciated how this pair stayed put and hidden in a variety of shoes, from running sneakers to heeled booties.”. “I’ve had one of my pairs for almost two years and it’s a long way from wearing out. And at $13 a pair (less if you buy a pack), they’re exceeding my durability expectations,” writes Wear Testers. “Over the years, I’ve tried just about every option you can find at Target, Nordstrom or Amazon, and have always just accepted that wearing no-show socks means settling for the fact that they’ll inevitably ride down and bunch up. Enter these miracle foot accessories from Bombas, which completely changed everything. They’re cut in some sort of magical way that holds them firmly in place, have extra cushioning at the toe and heel (so they’re insanely comfortable) and last much longer than the other hole-prone no-show socks I’d been wearing of years,” states Fashionista. The Wirecutter loves these, especially for hiking. “Its micro-crew height is taller than an ankle sock but a few inches shorter than the average crew sock, rising just above the top of a standard pair of hiking boots. The Darn Tough Light Hiker is constructed with highly breathable merino wool, nylon, and Lycra spandex, which means your feet won’t feel sweaty during summer hikes. And while these socks are among the most durable we tested, Darn Tough’s unparalleled lifetime warranty will save you in a pinch: You can send back any item, at any time—even if it’s just a worn-out sock—and the company will replace it for free.”. “We love the little mountain peaks at the cuff of this sock, along with its lightweight versatility. The Darn Tough Women’s Light Hiker Micro Crew Lightweight Cushion Sock is a great sock for low cut day hikers, providing a lower calf height than a traditional crew height sock,” writes Ski Essentials. “With a performance fit to minimize shifting, bunching, and slipping and the trademarked True Seamless™ toe construction, all done in Darn Tough’s long wearing fine gauge knitting, you’ll be able to love these socks hike after hike, day after day, and through every season.”. “The name of the brand says it all — these socks are darn tough. The crew hiking socks combine comfort with durability and can stand up to all sorts of elements. We love that they’re made in the USA and have plenty of cushioning to keep your feet happy. Customers seem pretty pleased with their durable style,” adds Today. Note: This article was not paid for nor sponsored. StudyFinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. This post may contain affiliate links. Saloni is a creative and self-motivated content and copywriter with a comprehensive background of 3 years of writing and publishing buzz-worthy articles. View Saloni's article archive. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Best Electric SUVs Of 2023: Top 5 Models Most Recommended By ExpertsOwning a cat or dog may protect children from developing food allergiesLiving to 150? Humans ‘not even close’ to reaching the maximum lifespanBest Beginner Fishing Rods: Top 5 Entry-Level Poles Most Recommended By Experts. Use promo code sfship for free shipping. © 2023 41 Pushups, LLC.

We independently evaluate all recommended products and services. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
 Learn more. You might not consider shopping for socks a priority, but if you’ve ever had a favorite pair that fit perfectly, felt breathable, and looked nice, too, you’ll understand how much a good-quality sock can improve your comfort. But when nearly every clothing retailer under the sun carries at least one pair, how are you supposed to know which are the best? Whether you’re on the market for a high-performance athletic sock, a no-show sock that actually stays put, a fuzzy sock for winter lounging, or simply a fun printed sock, it can be hard to know where to look. After some extensive research and interviews with fashion and fitness experts, we narrowed down the choices to just 11 worthwhile pairs. To make the cut, these preferably had to be super comfortable, made from high-quality yarn, size-inclusive, expertly designed, and/or guaranteed to elevate your street-style look. In collaboration with Cotopaxi, Bombas’ Merino Wool Hiking Calf Sock is a winner thanks to its part-repurposed yarn and durability, plus the fact that the brand donates a pair of socks for every one purchased. Whatever your hosiery needs, these are the socks you’ll be buying on repeat. What We Love: Bombas donates a pair of socks to charity for each pair purchased. What We Don’t Love: They’re thicker than your average sock. This model is just one variation on Bombas’ much-loved Hiking Socks, and although they’re technically designed for the great outdoors, they have so much going for them that we’re willing to bet you’ll want to wear them every day. “These socks are made to endure whatever you have to give,” says fashion writer Emerald Elitou. They “are amazingly soft and fashionable, but most importantly, the company donates one pair of socks for each one purchased.” These socks are made from part repurposed yarn, meaning each pair comes in a one-of-a-kind colorful pattern. Plus, they’re supportive, cushioned, and temperature-regulating. They’re probably not for you if you prefer a thinner sock, but that’s strictly a question of personal preference. Size: S-XL | Colors: One-of-a-Kind | Multipack: No | Height: Calf. What We Love: They’re comfy and designed to stay put. What We Don’t Love: They’re really, really basic. Whereas most of us pick up a pair of socks here and there because we like the print or something similarly vague (guilty), style expert Katya Bychkova has developed an ironclad technique: She only ever buys these basic socks from Amazon. “If your socks are all the same; you don't [need to] worry about matching them after a wash,” she says. “Trust me: Folding the laundry is much easier.” Genius, in our opinion. But why these ones? “I'm not too fond of socks with logos (even if they are designer), so this clean and straight-to-the-point option is my favorite,” Bychkova explains. “They are soft and surprisingly high-quality for just $15 (for six pairs).” These are basic basic, only coming in black, white, and gray, but other than that they’re really pretty great: They’re cushioned, made from soft, breathable cotton, and designed to stay put. Size: 5-10 | Colors: Black, White, Gray | Multipack: Yes | Height: Quarter. What We Love: These make a real statement as part of your outfit. What We Don’t Love: You’re paying for the logo. A designer logo can be lots of fun, and a cool pair of socks like these are a great way to nod to a label without the price tag you would get with a handbag — but yes, you’re still paying for the logo here. “Monogrammed socks and accessories from big brands are a huge hit this season,” says fashion blogger and stylist AK Brown. “I love these Marc Jacobs embroidered socks that would pair well with low profile tennis or even strappy heels for a street style look.” Available in flashy orange and red as well as more classic colorways, these are true fashion socks rather than purely utilitarian, designed to be shown off as part of your outfit. They’re made from 100 percent cotton for breathability. Size: XS-L | Colors: 5 | Multipack: No | Height: Calf. What We Love: They stay put through workouts, jogging and errands alike. What We Don’t Love: The sticky grip gets damaged in the wash. “Great socks are a must for me, especially for working out,” says Candy Nicholson, personal trainer and fitness instructor at Candy Gyrl Fitness. She loves these Lululemon ones for working out and weight training, because “they grip the feet with just enough support so you don’t feel restricted, keep your feet cool, and don’t slide down,” she says. “They’re also great for jogging, especially on warmer days.” While these are meant as athletic socks and do that job well, there’s no reason you can’t benefit from their staying-put ability while you’re out on the town. Unfortunately, the sticky grip that keeps the sock still can easily get damaged in the wash, so you’ll need to take extra care on that front to keep them in tip-top. Size: S-L | Colors: 10 | Multipack: Yes | Height: No-Show. Girlfriend Collective. What We Love: They come in a ton of colors and cost less the more you buy. What We Don’t Love: The fabric tends to pill after washing. Available in 13 color options, most of which feature a cute contrasting stripe, these socks are both pretty and functional — the best of both worlds. As always with Girlfriend, they come in an inclusive size range and are sustainable thanks to their fabric made from 90 percent recycled plastic bottles — as well as being recyclable at the end of their life cycle. One downside: some reviewers noticed pilling after washing their socks, you should be fine as long as you follow the care instructions. As for what these feel like, they’re a thicker compression ankle sock designed for comfort, support, and healthy circulation. If that’s enough to convince you, you can happily stock up, since you get a bigger discount the more you buy ($2 off two pairs, $4 off three pairs, $8 off four pairs, and so on). Size: 5-13 | Colors: 13 | Multipack: No | Height: Ankle. What We Love: These socks are made from paper yarn for absorbing moisture and odors, and organic cotton for added softness. What We Don’t Love: Paper Project isn’t an entirely sustainable company yet. Paper Project is an Asian-owned company dedicated to creating beautiful pieces out of Japanese paper yarn, which is made from Manila hemp. The fabric lends itself seamlessly to socks because it’s thin, durable, moisture-wicking, and odor-absorbing. Because the paper yarn is naturally quite dry, these crew socks also use organic cotton to add a little softness into the mix. They come in five tasteful heathered color tones with a discreet embroidered logo and feature a ribbed style that’s just as suitable for tucking under your jeans as it is for showing off with some ankle boots. Though Paper Project isn’t an entirely sustainable company, they make an effort to consider the planet where they can, including donating a tree for every order. Size: S-L | Colors: 5 | Multipack: No | Height: Calf. What We Love: They come in regular and wide sizes to fit everyone. What We Don’t Love: They’re made from non-sustainable nylon and spandex. Who says compression socks have to be sad and beige? Comrad puts the “fun” in functionality with these great nautical-striped knee-highs. By helping with circulation, they may remedy various aches and pains, especially as you get older. But you don’t need to have achy joints to wear them: they are a perfect choice for wearing post-workout, on long journeys, or if you’re pregnant. Reviewers who are on their feet all day love the breathability and design, which compresses the leg without pinching. Although they’re made from synthetic, non-sustainable materials, Comrad is fairly transparent when it comes to its production process: In particular, we appreciate that they use a dyeing method that saves water compared to traditional processes, and that they take steps to ensure their workers are treated fairly. Also, we love that these socks come in regular and wide sizes to fit different bodies. Size: S-LW | Colors: 4 | Multipack: No | Height: Knee-High. What We Love: They’re sweat-wicking and cushioned for comfort. What We Don’t Love: Some people find them a little tight at the ankle. These socks from Nike go the extra mile — literally. “For longer distance running and hiking, I usually prefer a thicker sock, and my go-to is Nike's cushioned training ankle sock,” Nicholson says. “They are super comfortable and perfect for colder days. They absorb sweat, while the extra cushion will help keep blisters from forming without all the sliding and rubbing.” Available in black, white, or gray, this isn’t designed to be a fun sock, but it can definitely still look cool thanks to the classic swish. Plus, as Nicholson points out, these don’t miss when it comes to functionality. Some people find them a little tight at the ankle, but the majority find them very comfortable. Size: S-XL | Colors: Black, White, Gray | Multipack: Yes | Height: Quarter. What We Love: They keep your feet dry during sweaty workouts. What We Don’t Love: They’re not very cute. When it comes to her workout sessions, there’s only one sock for Anna Victoria, NASM-certified trainer and founder of Fit Body app: this no-show sports sock from Drymax. “They are ultra-thin but still give me the support I need during my workouts, and have both arch and heel molding so they don’t slip,” she says. They feature venting technology, plus a close-to-magic “sweat removal system,” both designed to minimize that uncomfortable sweaty feeling at the gym or during a run. They’re not the cutest-looking, but in terms of performance, you can't get much better than this. Size: S-XXL | Colors: Black, White/Gray | Multipack: No | Height: No-Show. What We Love: They’re the softest ever. What We Don’t Love: The toe seam is a little scratchy. We know it might seem impossible to improve slipping into a pair of cozy socks after a long day, but we would like to introduce you to cult-favorite brand Barefoot Dreams. Made from the brand's signature CozyChic fabric — which FYI needs to be treated with extra care to keep the softness intact by washing cold and laying flat to dry — these socks feel incredibly soft. Some find the toe seam a bit scratchy, but that’s easy to look past. They don’t bunch or fall down while walking. Each colorway is speckled with white to create a delicate heathered look. Pick between six different shades, and if we do say so ourselves, they make great holiday gifts, too. Size: One Size | Colors: 6 | Multipack: No | Height: Calf. Sock Shop Haight Street. What We Love: The patterns bring us joy. What We Don’t Love: The brand doesn’t provide sustainability information. For those who prefer something a bit more fun, enter HOTSOX’s extensive collection of Very Fun Socks. We love this sweet city-themed pair, but you can get some with hedgehogs, coffee, or the Mona Lisa, too. “HOTSOX is popular among the public and celebrities for their hilarious and colorful designs, but also their quality,” explains Lisa Sanchez, in-house stylist for The Nines. “They make great gifts that last a long time and word spreads quickly about them. Vanessa Hudgens is a big fan.” When it comes to fabrication, these socks don’t have any fancy features, just a durable cotton blend, and that’s really all you need. We’re not seeing any sustainability info, though. Size: One Size | Colors: Turquoise, Dark Blue | Multipack: No | Height: Calf. There isn’t really a conventional sizing system for socks, so make sure you check out each brand’s guide before you buy. Some come in one size, which is the most straightforward option, while some use regular shoe sizes, which is also intuitive. Others use a custom numbered scale, as is the case with Girlfriend Collective (their sizes, labeled 1, 2, and 3, cater to women’s shoe sizes 5 through 13). The most common sizing model, however, consists of letter sizes. Unfortunately, though there’s some overlap, these aren’t necessarily consistent across brands: For example, Nike’s size S corresponds to women’s shoe sizes 4 through 6, while Paper Project’s size S fits sizes 5 through 8.5, so you do need to double check individual size guides. The different sock heights, from tallest to shortest, are thigh-high, knee-high, calf, quarter (a high ankle sock), ankle, and no-show (a short ankle sock). Your choice of sock height will depend on what you’re using them for: A thigh- or knee-high sock will keep you warmer and is great for layering in the winter, or for lounging around the house. Calf socks are perhaps the most common, and are suited for making sure there’s no chilly gap between your shoes and your pants, or alternatively for a fun little accent in your outfit (think: our picks from Marc Jacobs and HOTSOX). Ankle socks are most suited for warmer days and for all your sporty needs — quarter-length socks are best for a little extra coverage, and no-shows are great for sports or for wearing in boat shoes, for example. We love how functional no-show socks are, especially for slim shoes that might look odd with a taller sock, but because of how often they fall down, you might think they’re not worth it. To avoid this happening,  “make sure they are the right size to start,” Brown advises. “Sometimes even getting socks half or one size up will help.”. Sanchez also says that “silicone grips around the lip of the sock are a huge help” — as with the Lululemon no-shows. “If you are in a pinch and your socks keep slipping, try some clothing tape to keep the cloth adhered to you,” she adds. Although a healthcare provider may advise you to wear compression socks — a type of sock that gently presses your foot and leg to improve circulation — there are also a ton of other reasons you might want to. "Compression socks have a variety of benefits that range from recovery-focused to performance-focused in relation to sports or exercise,” explains Jack Wright at CRX Compression, a medical grade compression garment company. “Wearing compression socks after training can allow for a reduction in Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness.”. Wright adds that “they are also very beneficial to those who don't regularly train.” They’re great to improve circulation on long-distance flights, as well as to help prevent any unwanted swelling from daily activities, for example, if you’re attending a festival where you have to walk long distances, or you have a job that requires you to be on your feet for hours at a time. Essentially, they serve to prevent all sorts of discomfort in your legs and feet. “You might not need to throw out socks as soon as a small hole has appeared,” Sanchez says. Bychkova agrees, and likes to try her hand at repairing those smaller holes from time to time. That said, both experts advise that you should throw out socks that have become threadbare. “If your socks have lost elasticity, the cost of buying a new pair is much cheaper than attempting repairs,” she says. “If you hate throwing out clothes, check out companies like For Days that offer clothing recycling programs.”. In this case too, Bychkova stands by her method for sock-buying: “The beauty of having all your socks in the same style is that you could save a ripped one and pair it with another good one,” she says, and we’re not gonna lie, we’re kind of sold. Iris Goldsztajn is a London-based freelance journalist, author, and copywriter. She covers everything from celebrities and relationships to fashion and beauty for numerous publications, like InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Bustle, Women’s Health, and many more. For this story, she interviewed numerous experts — including fashion writer Emerald Elitou, style expert Katya Bychkova,  fashion blogger and stylist AK Brown, Lisa Sanchez, in-house stylist for The Nines, Candy Nicholson, personal trainer and fitness instructor at Candy Gyrl Fitness, Anna Victoria, NASM-certified trainer and founder of Fit Body app — on what to look for in a sock and how to get pesky no-show socks to actually stay up. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

CONFIDENCE, COMMUNITY, AND JOY. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Socks are one of those clothing items that all of us have in our closets, in some form or another. Much like underwear, they serve an essential function in our wardrobes, working to keep our soles safe from moisture-loving bacteria and the everyday wear and tear that comes with wearing sneakers, heels, and other types of shoes. But, while function might be their main purpose, socks also make for a great fashion opportunity, as you can style them in a multitude of ways. With function and fashion on our minds, we set out to find the best socks, looking at everything from material to comfort to style opportunities, as well as tapping Richer Poorer’s co-founder and CEO Iva Pawling for her sock expertise. Iva Pawling is the co-founder and CEO of Richer Poorer. Whether you’re more of a no-show socks kind of gal or prefer a pop of color and flair, we scoured the internet to find the best pairs of socks for every occasion imaginable. From ankle to camp to slouchy to retro, we share our top picks ahead. For best overall, we wanted a sock that is a little more universal in terms of styling, plus great quality in terms of overall design and material. These top-rated socks from Amazon are our pick for this category because they come in packs of three, in a variety of colors (we love the purple, brown, and gray pack!), and are a great height for boots, high-tops, socks with sandals, and can even be slouched down and worn with classic white tennis shoes. They’re also made of 80 percent bamboo, which is not only eco-friendly but excels at moisture-wicking and breathability. Over 6,000 customers gave these socks five stars for feel, fit, and comfort—and we agree on all fronts. Material: 80% bamboo, 17% polyamide, 3% elastane | Size Range: 6-9, 9-12. No-show socks are meant to be disguised, but that doesn’t mean they should lack quality. These are made of a moisture-wicking blend of sustainable nylon, Better Cotton Initiative (BCI) cotton, recycled polyester, and spandex and designed with arch support, so your feet aren’t just kept fresh and comfortable. They’re like a hug for your soles and a great match for everything from running shoes to slip-ons. Material: 51% sustainable nylon, 23% BCI cotton, 23% sustainable recycled polyester, 3% spandex | Size Range: 5-7, 7.5-9.5, 10-12. When it comes to retro socks, it’s all about the design but also about the colors. These socks from American Trench nail the tube sock design perfectly, with retro-colored stripes that pop and still feel a little muted like a real pair of retro socks. The socks are made from a cushy blend of spandex, cotton, nylon, and acrylic and come in nine different color combinations, including Tile/Rust, Neon Pink/Navy, and Plum/Teal (our favorite). Material: 68% cotton, 16% nylon, 12% acrylic, 4% spandex | Size Range: One size. We can’t get enough of the slouchy sock trend, which is a nod to ’80s fashion. These 100 percent cotton Brother Vellies Cloud Socks bring an iconic look to the modern day, with their plush cotton texture, perfect slouch, and the right amount of thickness. These socks come in 17 colors, too, and proceeds from the lavender colorway help fund the brand’s mask-making and food distribution efforts in Kenya. Material: 100% cotton | Size Range: One size. If you’re going for a casual sock, you can’t go wrong with an excellent old-fashioned crew. These crew socks from Aerie come in three color-blocked styles and are cozy yet thin enough to wear under boots and fun enough to add a pop of color to your outfit. They’re soft, cozy, and a casual classic with five stars from nearly 200 Aerie customers for their ability to stay in place, texture, and comfortableness. Material: 98% polyester, 2% elastane | Size Range: One size. The perfect ankle sock exists, and it’s the Everyday Ankle Sock from SKIMS. These socks have that “just right” feeling with their ultra-smooth texture, breathability, ideal amount of stretch, and no-show design. But, what makes them stand out is the skin tone color range, the fact that they stay in place (one of our biggest ankle sock woes!), and quality. Material: 75% polyester, 22% polyamide, 3% spandex | Size Range:  6+, 8+. When investing in a pair of designer socks, we recommend going with something a little fun—something that moonlights as an accessory. The Monogram Dress Socks from Versace are exactly that. Their hosiery-like design and ruffled edges pair well with black heels, Mary Jane shoes, or loafers, giving any outfit a little edge. We also love these because, despite being ultra-stylish, they are also comfortable, high quality (so you can feel good about spending $250 on socks), and have a nice textured design. Material: Polyamide and elastane | Size Range: S-L. It’s hard to talk about socks without talking about hosiery. In addition to a new pair of socks, if you’re looking for the best tights, we are obsessed—we repeat: obsessed—with Sheertex. The Classic Sheer Tights are worth every penny and then some. They’re stretchy, smooth, soft, and the toughest pair of tights we’ve ever tried, thanks to the brand’s special Knit Technology. Material: Sheertex Knit Technology | Size Range: XS-3XL. Socks are one of our favorite ways to wear tie-dye. And these Bombas socks are our favorite pairs of tie-dye socks. The pack comes with four pairs of socks in purple, blue, indigo, and orange that hit right above the ankle, so they pair well with ankle booties or sneakers when you want a good and groovy pop of color. Another reason we love these socks is for the brand’s mission. When you purchase a pair of socks from Bombas, the brand donates a pair to homeless shelters. Material: 56% cotton, 12% polyester, 29% nylon, 3% spandex | Size Range: S-L. We could not track down the best socks without tracking down the best slogan socks. But these aren’t just funny—they’re chic, too. The socks have a funky retro design, a very relatable saying, and are made of a soft, combed cotton blend that makes them one of the coziest socks. Material: 65% combed cotton, 33% nylon, 2% spandex | Size Range: One size. You can’t go wrong with a pair of minimalistic socks. But you don’t need to buy a pack of low-quality socks to get the look. These crew socks from Los Angeles Apparel come with five pairs (that’s $7 per pair) in a variety of different color collections. They are made with a super soft blend of cotton, nylon, and spandex and have a subtle ribbing design for added texture. Material: 79% cotton, 20% nylon, 1% spandex | Size Range: One size. We’ll admit it: We much prefer a pair of socks to slippers for lounging. Our favorite comfortable socks to kick it back in are none other than the Brooklinen Socks. They come in six beautiful colors—we love the lavender and lemon hues—and are made from a super-soft polyester and acrylic blend. Everything from the quality, coziness, design, and sizing options makes them a must-have in our eyes (and soles). But, the thing we love the most is that, despite being warm and cozy, our feet never feel too hot or sweaty in Brooklinen Socks. Material: 70% polyester, 21% acrylic, 9% other | Size Range: S-L. Fuzzy socks were made for napping, and Nap Loungewear does them the best. The Fuzzy Plush Socks are made from a cushy blend of elastane and polyester and have the softest, fleece-like feel. They’re more of a fall or winter sock, as they boast a lot of warmth and, honestly, they are so comfortable that they put our slippers to shame. Material: 93% polyester, 7% elastane | Size Range: One size. Dress socks are the perfect excuse to have a little fun. These Cottage Core Socks from Richer Poorer are our favorite because they are the perfect thickness for a dress sock, making them more versatile with different types of work shoes. Whether you want to hide them behind a pair of ankle booties or show them off with your favorite dressy loafers, you really can’t go wrong with the lightweight floral ankle socks. Aside from their looks and comfort, the real reason these are on our list is that they are designed with a Silver Lining Blend, which consists of combed cotton and silver fibers to naturally freshen feet. If you wear dress socks, you may already know how gross they can get—and these socks are the answer to your stinky feet troubles. Material: Nylon and spandex | Size Range: One size. We love a good pair of ruffle socks, as they are one of our go-to options for fun sock styling. The Vans x Sandy Liang Ruffle Sock is our top choice for this category because they are exactly what you think of when you think of ruffle socks—and they have the perfect amount of ruffle. On top of that, the ribbed detailing and floral appliqué add some extra flair. These socks are soft, comfortable, and pair well with sneakers, booties, Mary Janes, heels, and more. Material: 72% cotton, 25% polyester, 2% elastane, 1% nylon | Size Range: 6.5-10. Smiley faces are everywhere right now—and now they are on our feet, too. The Take Out Sock from Kule is made from a cozy blend of acrylic and nylon and hits right at the calf, giving them a ton of versatility in terms of how to wear them. You can scrunch them down, pull them up, pair them with a loafer, and wear them under boots—the options are seemingly endless. Material: 80% acrylic, 20% nylon | Size Range: One size. If you’re looking for a pair of good thigh-high socks that are cozy enough to wear on winter days, this three-pack from Amazon is our go-to. We love the ultra-soft poly-cotton blend, thickness, and soft texture. But, more importantly, we love that these knee-high socks stay up. Material: Poly-cotton blend | Size Range: One size. Knee-high socks are a must for cold weather, especially when boots are concerned. If you’re looking for a pair of socks that works well under boots—including rain boots—but is still stylish enough to wear with a pair of loafers, Mary Janes, or sneakers, we love the Winter Knee High Socks from Bombas. The socks come in a four-pack with a variety of fun colors, plus an all-black pair, and are made from the softest cotton blend. Material: 63% cotton, 30% polyester, 6% rubber, 1% spandex | Size Range: S-L. We live in low-cut socks and, at this point, have tried dozens of pairs. None quite compare to the Keds Extra Low Cut Liner Socks. These socks come in a five-pack (extra points for value!) and are made of a soft, breathable material. The best part is that the elastic on these socks doesn’t dig into your feet while wearing them, so you preserve optimum comfort all day long. Material: 78% nylon, 20% polyester, 2% spandex | Size Range: One size. Aside from our designer pick, these are our favorite sheer socks. Despite being made of sheer fabric, they are quite soft, comfortable, and boast perfect pizzazz. We love the metallic detailing, slightly ruffled edge, and the range of neutral colors, which include a light tan, metallic silver, and black. Material: 72% nylon, 25% lurex, 3% spandex | Size Range: 9-11. “It is important to understand the thickness of the sock to know what shoes you want to wear with it,” says Pawling. This all comes down to personal preference but can also depend on the shoe, as some will require a thinner sock while others have enough room for a thicker sock. One of the most important things to look for is how the socks feel—and, according to Pawling, softness is a must. “Some can have a silkier feel to the cotton if they are a blend like modal, and some can be heavier and scratchier if they are wool,” she notes. “This is such a huge factor to how and what I will wear my socks with,” says Pawling. She recommends investing in a variety of lengths so that you have what you need on hand (and feet!). According to Pawling, high-quality socks are made to last. “Unless you are washing and wearing your socks almost every day, you should be able to get quite a few years out of them,” she explains. “Styling socks for women is all about finding the right proportions and colors, depending on what you are wearing,” says Pawling. “I love a good, textured solid color sock with ankle-cropped pants.” Pawling also recommends styling socks with your shoes, such as an ankle sock with high tops for a pop of color. If you’re wearing shorts and sneakers and want it to look like you don’t have socks on, she says to try a pair of low-show socks. Pawling also welcomes the socks with sandals trend (as do we!) and recommends “a chunky textured sock with Birkenstocks during crispier fall days.”. Contributing writer Jessie Quinn has a bachelor’s degree in fashion journalism. From working in the fashion closet and interviewing designers at NYLON to now writing about the best style trends for various publications, Jessie researches and sources the best fashion finds. As far as socks are concerned, Jessie is picky about what goes on her feet—they must be comfortable, breathable, and soft. When researching the best socks for women, she kept her standards and expert insight in mind to narrow her selection. She considered everything from feeling, texture, thickness, material, and more to curate this list. The 12 Best Crew Socks of 2023. The 13 Best Fuzzy Socks of 2023. The 12 Best Compression Socks of 2023. The 24 Best High-Waisted Bikinis for Your Next Out of Office. The 12 Best Shapewear on Amazon of 2023. The 23 Best Cardigans of 2023 to Celebrate the Return of Sweater Weather. The 17 Best Hoodies of 2023 To Stock Your Closet With. The 18 Best Work Clothes for Adjusting Back to the Office. The 15 Best Denim Shirts For Women of 2023. After Tons of Research, We Uncovered the 25 Absolute Best Jeans on the Market. 20 of the Best Cocktail Dresses to Keep You Feeling Fancy. We Found the 20 Best Jeans of 2023 on Amazon to Eliminate Your Scrolling Time. The 18 Best Sweatshirts for Cozy Fall Style and How to Style Them. Another Y2K Fashion Trend Is Back: Here Are the Best Cargo Pants. The 10 Best Bandeau Bras of 2023. The 9 Best Wool Socks of 2023 to Pair With Your Birkenstock Boston Clogs.

Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission. Because it’s usually unseen, your underwear should feel invisible — should being the operative word, as anyone who has dealt with a too-tight thong, a wedgie, or visible panty line (VPL) can attest. If your undies don’t quite make the cut, this guide is a good place to start looking for upgrades. Below, we’ve compiled recommendations from a panel of women whose style we admire — including lingerie experts, entrepreneurs, models, and musicians. And to ensure that no brief was left behind, I searched our archive for any I considered worthy of a coveted spot on this list (and tried out a few for myself). From comfortable boyshorts to lacy little numbers, there’s probably a panty for you here. The intimates industry has a reputation of being exclusionary — though that’s slowly changing. Size inclusion was a big sticking point for us, so we tried to highlight undergarments offered in a wider range of sizes. Whereas men’s underwear comes down to three main cuts (boxers, briefs, and boxer briefs), it’s the Wild West out there for women. There’s the sisterhood of briefs, bikinis, and thongs from which others descend, such as the boyshort, hipster, and cheeky. Then there are the capitalized cuts, like the French cut that harks back to the Baywatch days of one-pieces, and the G-string, which is the next best thing to nothing at all. Rise is another consideration — maybe you prefer a high-rise (à la “My Calvins” ), low-rise, or something in the middle. How a pair feels will depend on what it’s made from. Cotton is a favorite for its breathability. Modal is an alternative often seen in sustainable options since it’s biodegradable. For its airiness, mesh (usually manufactured from nylon) works as another popular textile. To make a panty more moldable to the body, some stretch (either elastane or spandex) will generally make an appearance on tags. Since underwear is such a personal choice, there’s really no right answer to which material is best — but to help you, we’ve detailed the materials used in every recommendation. Even though almost all of us would consider underwear an essential, it isn’t always priced that way. Our focus, therefore, was on the undies that truly feel well worth it. Each of the picks is denoted as $ (under $15), $$ (under $25), or $$$ ($25 and up). Sizes: XS–L/XL| Cut: Bikini, seamless edges | Material: Cotton, elastane | Price: $$$. Of all the labels that are popular with our panelists (keep in mind that we heard about just shy of 60 pairs), Commando was cited the most. The label’s underwear was repeatedly praised for its, well, almost-gone-commando fit. “If you’ve ever wondered what the stars on the red carpet were wearing underneath those sheer, unforgiving gowns, the answer is almost certainly a pair of Commandos,” explains Alison Freer, costume designer and Strategist contributor. When it came down to deciding which style to crown as our overall winner, we chose Commando’s bikini because the cut was pretty popular among the obsessives we talked to. Stylist Jasmine Caccamo describes it as seamless, with a shape that works underneath both leggings and body-skimming silk dresses. Bee Stuart, personal stylist and founder of QueerYorker, is another Commando convert, describing its bikinis (her favorite is the frillier Double Take) as luxe feeling even for everyday, showing off a hint of skin while offering full (comfortable) coverage. Sizes: XS–XXL | Cut: Brief, sits below hips | Material: Pima cotton, lycra, lace (nylon, spandex) | Price: $. Commando was our clear front-runner, but the Bliss comes in at a close second, given its history as an all-time Strategist reader favorite. Cora Harrington (a.k.a. the Lingerie Addict), author of In Intimate Detail: How to Choose, Wear, and Love Lingerie, wrote an ode to these briefs. “They’re cute. They’re comfy. The Pima cotton means they’re supersoft,” she explains. Harrington doesn’t even mind paying full price (though the $20 briefs are often on sale anyway) and frequently brags about them to friends. Dolley Frearson, co-founder and creative director of High Fashion Home, loves them, too, as the briefs smooth and don’t pinch or ride up. “They will eventually replace almost all of your underwear,” she promises. Sizes: XS–4XL | Cut: Brief with a higher rise | Material: Cotton | Price: $. These Jockeys are probably “the least risqué panties you ever own,” according to former Strategist senior editor Margaret Rhodes. They have tighty-whitey energy but don’t actually feel that way thanks to an elastic waistband that’s covered in a layer of cotton. Unlike other waistbands that grip your midsection, Rhodes says, “the Elance embraces you.” And whereas Baserange, Araks, and Arq make grandma-esque briefs that still have some sex appeal, this pair “leaves pretty much everything to the imagination,” she says. “You don’t wear these undergarments — they wear you. More exactly, they swaddle you.”. Sizes: XXS–6X | Cut: Brief, high-rise | Material: Cotton, spandex | Price: $$$. If you’re looking for a high-rise brief that doesn’t veer quite so much into granny-panty territory as the Elance, turn to Arq, maker of small-bust-friendly bralettes. Creative consultant Harling Ross Anton introduced us to this pair from the brand, which she owns in a checkered print (you can choose from colors like pistachio, cherry, and buttercup). “I’ve heard underwear described as a ‘hug’ before but always suspected the comparison was hyperbolic until I got these,” she says of the “insanely comfortable” cut with edges that never dig into her thighs or stomach. And as she’s prone to UTIs, Anton points out that the high-rise undies are made from organic cotton that’s ethically and sustainably sourced. She isn’t alone in her praise: Lily Sullivan, senior brand marketing manager at Maude, likes to wear these around the house with one of the brand’s matching bras. Sizes: XXS–XXL | Cut: Brief, French leg, high-rise | Material: Cotton, elastane | Price: $$. Self-professed “granny-panty stan” Evelynn Escobar-Thomas, founder of intersectional hiking club Hike Clerb, buys so many of these high-rise briefs because “it’s the only underwear I want to wear.” Post-pregnancy, she focused on finding pairs that were softer and wouldn’t leave a line, and these became a fast favorite. Stylist Mac Doyle recommends these for day-to-day wear, because a high-waisted brief offers enough coverage to feel secure but doesn’t bunch underneath clothes. Sizes: XS–XL | Cut: Bikini, low-rise with dipped waistband | Material: Modal, elastane | Price: $$. I’d been curious about Free People’s in-house intimates line, Intimately. Its offerings run the gamut from super-sporty to effervescently frilly, but I thought this lace-trimmed bikini was a good middle ground, so I requested one to try out. The most important thing to know about these bikinis is that they’re impossibly soft — the modal is light and feels great against the skin. And even with the seams along the bottom border, I don’t see a VPL. The low-rise, dipped waistband keeps the bikini from sitting too high and peeking out. I have worn the pair once a week since its arrival, and I am planning on stocking up soon, thanks to Free People’s three-for-$30 deal. Sizes: XXS–XXL | Cut: Hipster, cheekier cut, high-rise | Material: Supima cotton, elastane | Price: $. Everlane makes minimalist underwear that, at first glance, could be mistaken for Hanes and are almost “aggressively plain,” says former Strategist writer Lori Keong. But that’s a big part of the appeal, especially if you’re in search of a high-waisted hipster that “makes your butt look like it’s starring in its own ’90s Calvin Klein commercial,” Keong explains. This pair rises to your navel without feeling confining or bunching up around your hips during the day, she says. They pass the very important VPL test, too. Lisa Buhler, founder of Lisa Says Gah, vouches for Everlane, comparing its look to Hanro but at a fraction of the cost. [Editor’s note: Some sizes of this hipster are sold out but will be restocked in August. You can sign up to be added to a waitlist and notified when they’re available.]. Sizes: 1X–3X | Cut: Hipster, higher logo waistband | Material: Cotton, modal, elastane | Price: $$. For a plus-size-specific pair, it was impossible to ignore the power of this hipster. Shanel Esaloo, buyer at luxury plus-size label 11 Honoré, has only two pairs of underwear that she “would literally scream off of the rooftops for people to buy”: Negative Underwear’s briefs and these classic Calvin Kleins. Of the two, the latter is the one she wears almost every day — the pair is just that comfortable. Esaloo points out that the thick, logoed waistband offers some midsection support. Sizes: XS–3XL | Cut: Boyshort, high-rise | Material: Recycled fabric, cotton lining | Price: $. Several of our panelists recommended underwear upstart Parade for its sustainability and curve-hugging cuts. Two of them mentioned its Dream line (which was formerly called Re:Play but has since been rebranded). These boyshorts are a favorite of Megababe founder Katie Sturino. “While the underwear stays put, I wouldn’t call it overly supportive — and I mean that in a good way,” she says. They have a lighter construction that Sturino prefers to the control tops often found in plus-size styles. With sheer inserts on the sides, it’s the kind of “full-bottom underwear that works particularly great with dresses — which, if the wind catches them in the right (wrong?) way, can even allow me to show it off.” And if you prefer something cheekier, Doyle likes the brand’s high-rise briefs. Sizes: XXS–XXL | Cut: Brief-boyshort, mid-rise | Material: Nylon, elastane | Price: $. Aerie’s Real Me underwear line is much-loved among Strategist staffers. Former Strategist senior writer Karen Iorio Adelson details how the undies are “comfortable all day, stay in place, and provide full front coverage,” while former Strategist deals writer Leah Muncy counts the brand’s thongs as a favorite (and because Aerie often has sales, you can typically buy all of the Real Me styles in bulk for cheap). But it’s the Real Me boybrief, which sits at the intersection of a brief and boyshort, that really caught our eye. Lauren Chan, founder of plus-size womenswear company Henning, owns about 20 of them. In addition to being soft and lightweight, they have a mid-rise, low-cut hip and full bum coverage that Chan considers to be the perfect silhouette — one that’s not always easy to find with the high-rise, high-hip cuts  popular these days. There’s a reason why these are so flattering: Aerie uses a healthy amount of stretch, so they mold to your body. Sizes: One size | Cut: Thong, high-rise | Material: Nylon, lace (spandex trim), Supima cotton lining | Price: $$. The thong is a polarizing panty — some swear by it, others curse at it. But if there’s a brand that’s perfected the silhouette, it’s Hanky Panky, which takes second place for the “most mentioned” title behind Commando. When Sullivan worked at a boutique in college, she saw its popularity firsthand: “Let me just say that Hanky Panky reigns supreme — their thongs I buy again and again.”. Barbara Corcoran, founder of Corcoran Group, recommends the label’s Signature Lace Original-Rise Thong, which features a high-on-the-hips rise and a V-shaped waistband that’s meant to keep the panty in place. “Everyone seems to wear these,” she says. “They come in every color, so it’s like a lace crayon box when you open your drawer.” Corcoran considers these an essential, explaining that she has rarely thrown out a pair, as the stretch material never gives up. Though they’re labeled one-size, Hanky Panky recommends these for sizes 4 to 14. If you want to stock up, Hanky Panky’s three-piece packs are your best bet. Iva Pawling, co-founder of Richer Poorer, owns several sets of the lingerie line’s low-rise thongs. “I am equal parts proud and embarrassed that I have been wearing only Hanky Panky underwear for, oh, about 14 years,” she says. “I don’t have to think about them, and they just work.”. Sizes: XXS–XXL| Cut: Thong, high-rise | Material: Cotton, spandex | Price: $. This Gap thong is about half the price of Hanky Panky’s but comes highly recommended by Strategist deals writer Leah Muncy, who believes them to be “peak underwear.” The combination of the thong’s high leg and dipped V-shaped waist makes them much beloved. “I am so glad that we as a society have rediscovered the universally flattering V-waist,” she says. She buys them in bulk, especially when they’re on sale (which is often, as Gap is known to do). For a perfect fit, Muncy suggests sizing up to make these more comfortable. You won’t regret it: “I don’t think a better pair of underwear exists,” she says. Sizes: XS–3X | Cut: Thong, dipped waistband, laser-cut edges | Material: Lycra, elastane, spandex with cotton gusset | Price: $$. For truly undetectable underwear, ballerina Erica Lall relies on the Under Statements Thong from Spanx. She tends to skip underwear when she’s dancing, so when she does wear a pair, they have to have a similar invisible feel — these do just that with no VPL. “A lot of seamless underwear isn’t actually seamless, but this is,” she says, even going so far as to call the thong the softest she’s ever put on. Sizes: XS–XXL | Cut: Cheeky, low-rise, raw seamless edges | Material: Polyamide, elastane, cotton | Price: $. Two model multi-hyphenates, artist Anna Theroux Ling and actress Hari Nef, directed us to Victoria’s Secret No-Show line, which they count on for photo shoots. Ling favors the brand’s flashier patterned pack of thongs, while Nef praises the slightly more subdued cheeky panties. It’s an open secret that models should wear a no-show underwear, “because you don’t know what they’re going to put you in,” meaning that if “you’re in your Hello Kitty underwear, that’s not the look,” Nef says. These do the trick, disappearing under whatever she’s wearing. Designed with a cheeky cut, they’re decidedly “not a thong, at least not the way we traditionally think of them,” Nef says. “I hate those.”. Sizes: XS–5XL | Cut: Cheeky with paneled front and double-layer mesh back | Material: Recycled fabric | Price: $. I don’t own a single thong — the wedgie situation is not for me — but this Cheeky pair from Parade, which the brand gifted me, is the closest thing to a thong that I will wear. It’s cut in such a way that I’m not constantly pulling it up to be comfortable. Really, the panty disappears. I forget I have it on. That is thanks, in part, to a super-stretchy waistband that doesn’t roll and a double layer of mesh in the back. So while you do get a cheek-baring cut, there’s some modesty — because of the opaqueness — from behind. I really like that the front panel holds me in, especially since the panty is cut lower than I’d usually go for. Sizes: XS–XL | Cut: Bikini, French cut | Material: Italian mesh (polyamide, elastane) | Price: $$$. As an employee of Maude, maker of one of our favorite vibrators, Sullivan definitely has thoughts on both intimacy and intimates. The Canova, a slinkier take on the bikini, is one of her favorites (a feat considering she owns enough undies to not have to do laundry for about a month). “There is something I love about entirely sheer underwear, even if you’re just wearing them randomly on a Tuesday,” she says of the see-through Italian mesh and leg-lengthening cut. (And if you really love the look of mesh, here’s another option: On Gossamer’s Mesh Bikini. Kim France, founding editor of Lucky, describes them “as VPL-resistant as a thong but without the annoyingness of a thong.”). Sizes: XS–XL | Cut: Bikini, French cut | Material: Cotton | Price: $. For decades, Baywatch nostalgia from her formative years has led novelist Molly Prentiss on a quest for underwear with the same “vulgar V shape of those exaggerated high-cut suits.” Online window shopping has only led to disappointment — the Mishas from Arq have “substantial seams” that interfere with the look she’s going for, and high-rises from Pansy aren’t high enough for her taste. But a “midnight off-market marketplace deep dive” led her to Elsy Marie on Etsy. Prentiss says that she “hit the intimates jackpot” with this high-cut pair, which have a triangle shape well-suited “when slung above a curvy pair of hips,” are made from sustainably sourced cotton, and cost less than $15. She adds, “It was just the jolie laide my private parts needed, and I’ve ordered multiple times since. The rest of my underwear have begun to depress me in comparison.”. Sizes: S–XXL | Cut: Brief, high-rise | Material: Tencel lyocell, elastane | Price: $$$. Dever wore Boob’s briefs all throughout her pregnancy, but even after giving birth, she still reaches for these. They were designed with postpartum bellies in mind with a double-layered front to provide more support (especially for those recovering from a C-section). The panties are made without any seams to dig into your skin, a feature Dever says she’s especially grateful for. Sizes: XS–6X | Cut: Brief, high-rise | Material: Cotton, spandex jersey, polyester (for leakproof layers) | Price: $. If you’ve been thinking of trying out period underwear, Phenomenal CEO Meena Harris recommends Period. Harris was initially a skeptic, but after two consecutive pregnancies, she found these panties at a time when she “was extremely over having a period and having to deal with tampons,” she says. This high-waisted style is her favorite because, as Harris puts it, “as a mom, I choose high-waisted for everything.” Bryn Taylor, founder of Ouisa, is another fan, specifically of the lighter version, as “they’re not bulky like a pad” but absorb like one. The light can hold up to six tampons’ worth of blood, while the Harris-approved heavy one can hold eight to ten. • Karen Iorio Adelson, former Strategist senior writer• Harling Ross Anton, creative consultant• Lisa Buhler, founder of Lisa Says Gah• Jasmine Caccamo, stylist• Lauren Chan, founder of plus-size womenswear company Henning• Barbara Corcoran, founder of Corcoran Group• Montinique Dever, founder of Riot Swim• Mac Doyle, stylist• Shanel Esaloo, buyer at luxury plus-size label 11 Honoré• Evelynn Escobar-Thomas, founder of intersectional hiking club Hike Clerb• Kim France, founding editor of Lucky • Dolley Frearson, co-founder and creative director of High Fashion Home• Alison Freer, costume designer and Strategist contributor• Cora Harrington, author of In Intimate Detail: How to Choose, Wear, and Love Lingerie• Meena Harris, CEO of Phenomenal• Lori Keong, former Strategist writer• Erica Lall, ballerina• Anna Theroux Ling, model and artist• Leah Muncy, former Strategist deals writer• Hari Nef, model and actress• Iva Pawling, co-founder of Richer Poorer• Margaret Rhodes, former Strategist senior editor• Bee Stuart, personal stylist and founder of QueerYorker• Katie Sturino, Megababe founder• Lily Sullivan, senior brand marketing manager at Maude• Bryn Taylor, founder of Ouisa. Additional reporting by Hilary Reid, Lauren Levy, and Jenna Milliner-Waddell. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

We independently review everything we recommend. When you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more›. A bad pair of underwear can ruin your day. It can pinch, pull, tug, cut, and end up in all the wrong places. Many people have a drawer full of ’em, with dozens of pairs that just don’t quite fit. And then there are a few well-loved favorites that rise to the top of the pile every time, rotating from butt to laundry bin and back again. Our goal was to find pairs you’d love so much that you’d dump out your drawer of rejects—so we spent more than 25 hours researching (and countless hours wearing) women’s underwear. If you can put on our picks and never have to think about them again, we’ve all won. After consulting experts in the field and researching hundreds of styles, we narrowed our pool to 27 pairs. Our testing panel ranged from S to XL in size and self-identified as having various body types; the panel consisted of three cisgender and one transgender woman. Each tester wore each pair for at least a full day and rated the underwear in terms of comfort, style, and fit. The panelists squatted, bent over, and reached up high to see whether the undies moved with them or against them, and they checked for panty lines and whale tail. Once we narrowed the options—which range from $3 a pair to about $35—some testers continued to wear them for months to test their durability. Six styles emerged as the best everyday undies: a classic, cheap cotton pair in a multipack, a high-waisted retro-style bikini, a quick-dry, barely there brief, a lacy boyshort, and two thongs (one minimalist and mesh, the other comfy and paper-thin). This inexpensive, durable brief stays put without cutting into skin, but you might have a visible panty line in tight bottoms. This basic brief feels like a wonderfully worn-in T-shirt for your butt. The Hanes Ultimate Breathable Cotton Hi-Cut underwear has a defined waist and leg bands, as well as reinforced seams at the hips. So you might expect this pair to pinch in all the wrong places, as did others we tested with similar construction. They don’t. All four of our testers (ranging from a size S to XL) said these 100% cotton undies fit well: They hit right at the hips and didn’t move, bunch, or slip. Though the fabric wasn’t super-soft or silky like that of pricier pairs we tried, it wasn’t rough or scratchy, either. The defined edging will show through tight-fitting pants, so when you’re choosing an outfit, be aware of panty lines. All four testers loved that they could just put on the Hanes Ultimate Breathable Cotton Hi-Cut undies in the morning, wear them all day, and toss them in the laundry at night without giving any of it much thought. If you’re looking for a solid pair of 100% cotton everyday underwear that doesn’t roll, bunch, or pinch, this is it. This is one of the most affordable pairs we tested—a pack of six costs about the same or less than a single pair of any of our individually sold picks. Unlike many higher-end pairs that are often available only online, a pack of Hanes in your size can be found at almost any big-box or chain store. Hanes has a good size range—the largest size fits folks with hips from 46 to 47 inches wide—but it’s not the best we found (Hanky Panky’s Plus boyshorts fit hips up to 58 inches wide). Still, the Hanes pair’s breezy cotton body and simple elastic waistband are forgiving, so there’s a little give if you’re in between sizes. The Hanes undies are also fairly effortless to maintain. You don’t need to wash them in a lingerie bag with your delicates, and if they get stained, you could relegate them to period or laundry-day underwear without sobbing over the replacement cost. Considering this pair’s price, we were pleasantly surprised at the quality. The Hanes underwear has a fully enclosed gusset (crotch), which shows extra workmanship and commitment to durability (even our pricier picks have an open gusset on one end, and it can peel back after wear). These undies are made of preshrunk cotton, so they are more likely to stay true to size after a wash. And our testers reported that the Hanes pants didn’t lose their shape throughout the day. Hanes also makes Ultimate Breathable Cotton underwear in a Brief style (with more rear coverage), a lower-rise Bikini style, and a low-rise Hipster version (with a thicker band at the hips). Although we think the Hanes undies are great for everyday wear, they do show through stretchier bottoms, such as leggings or silky skirts, due to the raised edging on the reinforced leg bands and waistband. We think they’re best when worn with thicker pants (like jeans) or loose dresses. And while they come in a range of solids, the patterned pairs included in the multipacks can feel a bit unhip. You can’t choose which patterns you’ll get, so you may end up with dainty florals or stripes as part of a mixed pack, even if they’re not your style. The multipacks that feature “nude” shades come with light beige pairs only. So if you’re looking for a nude for a darker skin tone, you won’t find one in this multipack. Size range: 5 to 9 (roughly S to 2XL)Fabric: 100% cotton body; 100% cotton gussetColors: The Hanes underwear comes in multipacks of six, with a mix of solids (white, gray, black, pastel pink, light blue, dark blue, beige) and stripes or florals.Care instructions: Machine-wash warm; tumble-dry low. The Natori Bliss is a sexy yet comfy take on the everyday brief, with a high-cut leg and a high waist. This pair is pricier than the Hanes multipack briefs we tested, but it’s also made of high-quality pima cotton, so it’s softer. The Natori Bliss French Cut Brief is made with a lightweight, stretchy pima cotton that feels great on the skin. Thinner and softer than our Hanes pick, this pair has a lace edging made from a nylon/spandex blend that’s rougher than the main fabric, but it’s not scratchy. While this mostly cotton pair was not as silky as our pick from Tommy John (which is made of nylon), these undies were comfortable to wear all day. Our tester with curvier hips, another with more of a booty, and our trans tester all loved this pair’s high-rise waist. However, our straight-hipped tester said this pair gave her “a tiny bit of a wedgie but not too bad,” and she wished they hit slightly lower on her belly. The high-cut leg shows a little more skin in the front, but it’s a nice balance to the fuller coverage on the rear. With a high-cut leg and sleek seaming that sits more on the front of the hips than on the side, the Natori Bliss French Cut Brief creates a smoother, more-elongating line at the leg than most standard cotton briefs do, including our Hanes pick. This cut also gives the underwear a retro look, but one that isn’t constricting or girdle-like. Our trans tester said the Natori Bliss briefs “combine the best of everyday underwear with really cute styling.” Another tester liked that the pair was made from fine pima cotton, so it was wearable and breathable but still felt sleek—and sexier—than our thicker cotton pick from Hanes. The Natori brief’s lace trim at the waist and legs also lies flat against your skin and is sewn to the body fabric with a strong zig-zag stitch. This lace isn’t just ornamental—it’s stretchy and durable, so it acts as an anchor to keep the underwear in place without bunching, rolling, or digging. Though the briefs are higher-waisted than others we tried, they didn’t poke out over a pair of jeans with a 15-inch back rise. They come in a range of solids, including nudes and bright colors. And though they cost $20 a pair, if you buy directly from Natori, you can currently get three pairs for $48—a well-worth-it savings of $12. The care instructions say these briefs are hand-wash-only—and that is recommended for the best long-term care. However, one tester has been tossing the Natori briefs in their main warm-wash laundry (and in the dryer on medium heat!) for months, and the Natoris have maintained their shape and stretch. We tested the French Cut brief, but these also come in a Full Brief (with more fabric around the hips) and a Girl Brief (a lower-rise hipster cut). The French Cut brief comes in a smaller size range than most of our other picks (from a size S to XXL, which fits up to 48-inch hips). But the range is on a par with that of our other cotton brief pick, the Hanes Hi-Cut. For an everyday cotton brief, this pair is on the pricey side, though it’s of higher quality and has a more comfortable design than briefs in any multipack we tried. Testers were mixed on the retro-style cut and the lace trim. Two loved the look, and two were less enamored. One said the Natoris were the most comfortable pair of underwear she’d ever worn, yet she also called them “not cute.”. Size range: S to XXLFabric: 94% pima cotton, 6% Lycra body; 84% nylon, 16% spandex lace trim; 100% cotton gussetColors: The Natori brief comes in more than a dozen colors, including multiple shades of nude.Care instructions: Hand-wash; line dry. This pair is an airy, stretchy second skin that stays in place (and dries in a jiffy!). But it’s much more sheer than other styles. Our testers raved about the soft, luxurious, feather-light fabric of the Tommy John Women’s Air Brief. This pair is so whisper-thin that it bunches up into a ball that fits in the palm of your hand. Described as “smooth and buttery” by our testers, the main fabric has a lot of stretch and a subtle mesh pattern. The waistband and leg bands are snappier, and they stay in place well and keep their shape after washing. This is a midrise brief with substantial rear coverage and a thicker band at the hip. The Air Brief dries quickly, so if you sweat a bit in this pair, it won’t stay damp for very long. Some of the other nylon underwear we tested had a tendency to slip down, causing a saggy-butt look (either due to the lack of an elastic waistband or because the fabric was too smooth and slick). But the Tommy John Women’s Air Brief perfectly balances silk-like luxury and stay-in-place practicality. This pair doesn’t tug, bulge, or roll down. And it has a no-visible-panty-line guarantee. (Note, however, that in the right light, the thin fabric could be slightly transparent, so be careful when wearing flowy skirts that might fly up.). To test the Air Brief underwear’s quick-dry capability, we soaked them in water and hung them to dry. They were ready to wear within about four hours. And when damp from sweat, the mostly-nylon Air Mesh fabric didn’t feel uncomfortably wet against our tester’s skin. For the gusset (crotch), Tommy John says it uses a proprietary Cool Cotton fabric, which has additional moisture-wicking properties over regular cotton. Though we cannot confirm the makeup of the fabric, we did like the way it felt. The seams on the waistband, legs, and the gusset are bonded, which basically means they’re high-heat glued, so they lie flat. This pair has a fully attached gusset (both ends are attached to the main body of the underwear), which is a sign of care and quality. (The only other pick with a fully attached gusset is the Hanes Ultimate Breathable Cotton underwear.) One tester reported that after she washed the Tommy John briefs weekly for nearly a year, the gusset and seams were still fully intact. “They’re still basically like new,” she said. We tested the Brief, but this underwear also comes in Thong, Cheeky, and Hi-Rise Brief versions. We’ve had a good track record with testing and recommending Tommy John underwear: The Tommy John Air Mesh Boxer Brief (made from the same material as the Women’s Air Brief) is a pick in our travel underwear guide, and many testers liked the company’s Second Skin Boxer Briefs, in our boxer briefs guide. The mesh fabric is so light and breathable that it’s fairly transparent (so if your skirt flies up, people may be able to see your butt through the underwear). There is also a small side tag on the hips that some wearers may want to snip out, but most of our testers barely noticed it. Size range: XS to XXLFabric: 77% nylon, 23% spandex body; 100% cotton gussetColors: The Tommy John Air Brief comes in 13 colors, including a range of muted solids and three shades of beige.Care instructions: Machine-wash cold; tumble-dry low. The Hanky Panky lace short is comfy and stretchy, but it’s not buttery-soft. This pricey pair is durable, and it comes in dozens of colors and a wide range of sizes. *At the time of publishing, the price was $32. The Hanky Panky Signature Lace Boyshort is made of the same stretchy, snappy nylon lace as Hanky Panky’s beloved thongs. Though the intricately patterned floral fabric looks like it could be coarse and scratchy, it is surprisingly unobtrusive to wear. There are no side seams to dig into your hips, and the lace edging lies flat and is attached to the body of the underwear with strong interlocking zig-zag stitching. All four testers of varying body shapes and sizes raved about the fit, and this pair easily won over even people who said they didn’t like boyshorts in general. This style also comes in Plus, designed to fit folks with up to 58-inch hips (the largest range of all our picks). Sizes 1X through 3X have a slightly thicker, more substantial lace waistband, similar in design to the waistband of the Hanky Panky thongs. Boyshorts are a love-’em-or-hate-’em style, and they can be an uncomfortable nightmare if they cut in too tight at the thigh. Our entire testing panel was surprised at the Hanky Panky Signature Lace Boyshort’s comfort and ease of wear. The medium rise and flexible waistband proved great for our testers who have loose skin around their bellies. The leg holes are cut wide and at an angle, so there is minimal digging. Though these boyshorts provide substantial butt coverage, they don’t show panty lines. The Hanky Panky pair also comes in the largest size range of our picks, from XS to 3X (which, per the brand’s size guide, will fit folks with hips between 55 and 58 inches). Depending on where you shop, these boyshorts also comes in more than 25 colors (though its core colors, such as light pink, black, white and beige, are widely available). Rather than pieced together with front and back panels attached by side seams (as the majority of our picks are), the Hanky Panky boyshorts have a center seam that runs from belly button to butt crack under the gusset. This lets the undies hug any curves—one tester said, “I can’t get over how great these made my butt look.” It also allows them to lie flat at the hips because there aren’t seams up the sides. The fabric is sheer, with the opaque lace providing some modesty throughout. And the lacy pattern made our testers feel a little sexy, no matter what kind of clothes they were wearing. Although Hanky Panky recommends hand-washing the underwear, we threw ours in with the regular laundry, and they have held up well after a few months of wear and several washes. We do recommend using a mesh laundry bag in the machine; the lace can snag on rogue zippers and buttons. But skip the dryer—these will last longer if they’re hung to dry. Because they contain spandex, they’ll lose their shape and get static-y if exposed to heat on a regular basis. Another reason to care for these properly: They’re 32 bucks a pop, which is relatively pricey for a pair of skivvies. But the fabulous fit and the quality—sturdy, stretchy fabric and durable construction with strong stitching—make the Hanky Panky boyshorts worth it. The brand often goes on sale at department stores and online outlets like Otrium. The nylon lace isn’t itchy, but it also isn’t particularly soft. This is only pick with a tag at the center rear waistband, but the tag itself did not bother any of our testers (and it’s fairly easy to snip off with a pair of scissors). Size range: XS to 3XFabric: 100% nylon body; 90% nylon, 10% spandex trim; 100% Supima cotton gussetColors: The Hanky Pankys come in more than a dozen colors, including evergreen classics: black, light pink, gray, navy, red, white, and beige (called “chai”).Care instructions: Hand-wash in cool water and hang to dry (the company promotes this as an environmental effort to lengthen the life of your underwear and conserve resources). Made with breezy honeycomb mesh and sturdy elastic, this thong lies flat and stays in place. But if you’re used to more coverage, it can feel skimpy in the front. True to the name, there is almost nothing to the Negative Sieve Thong. This thong features a simple, modern design: Its continuous elastic waistband is attached to two triangles of honeycomb mesh fabric. The Negative thong is meant to lie flat on the skin and not show through in tight bottoms, and it accomplishes that. We found that the low-rise waistband lies flat against your skin without budging. But if you buy a size that’s too small, the thin bands at the hips and under the crotch can dig in and feel uncomfortable. The company recommends sizing up, if you’re interested in a looser fit, but it’s also not a bad idea to do so if you’re in between sizes or your weight tends to fluctuate. The Negative Sieve Thong comes in sizes XS through XXL (which fits folks with up to 46½-inch hips, or around sizes 16 to 18). The style worked well for both our straight- and round-hipped testers, but one panelist didn’t love the skimpiness of this thong and reported feeling “unsexy” because of the way her skin protruded over the waistband. (Our trans tester did not test any of the thong options.). If you want a sleek thong that looks and feels like you’ve got nothing on, this is it. One tester raved about how “minimalist and timeless” it is. “If The Row made thongs, it would look and feel like the Negative,” she said. At $30, it’s a pricey piece, but the simple design and sturdy construction make it truly timeless. The low-rise front is securely stitched to the waistband, and, though light, the materials and construction feel durable. The company recommends washing the thong on a delicate/cold cycle in the machine and drying flat. One editor/tester has worn and washed hers more than five times this way and line-dried it, and it looks as good as the day she got it. If you need only light support up top, you can pair this thong with our bra pick, the Negative Sieve Non-Wire Bra, to complete the set. Though Negative makes a similar brief, that style divided our testers even more than the thong. One said they loved the fit, while another described the brief as “wedgie city” because it had less rear coverage than other bikinis and briefs we tested, including our Hanes pick. The rear triangular butt strap has elastic edging on both sides, so this thong is a bit more substantial than the majority of those we tested (the extra fabric didn’t bother our testing panel). This makes the Negative more sturdy and unmovable. But if you like a more flexible thong or one with fewer seams, consider the ThirdLove Comfort Stretch Thong. The Negative Sieve is also $30, which can seem like a lot for such a small amount of fabric, but we think it’s well made and durable enough to warrant the price. Size range: XS to XXLFabric: 74% polyamide (nylon), 26% elastane body; 100% cotton gussetColors: The Negative Sieve comes in a range of muted peaches, grays, browns, and blacks.Care instructions: Wash on delicate/cold; dry flat. This stitch-free style doesn’t cut or rub, but the seams don’t feel as durable as those on other picks. And the thin material might not provide sturdy support for folks with looser skin. *At the time of publishing, the price was $16. The ThirdLove Comfort Stretch Thong is the softest, smoothest, and stretchiest of the seven thongs we tested. “These really stayed in place. I can normally only wear a thong for a few hours before the string up my butt starts driving me nuts, but I was able to keep these on all day without endless shifting or adjusting,” one of our testers said. It’s a simple, classic design, but the crotch area is relatively narrow in the front and so is the gusset. Therefore, those with wider-set hips or anyone who wants more coverage in those areas might not love it. The ThirdLove thong is made of a paper-thin nylon/spandex blend that clings almost invisibly to skin, so this form-fitting thong will move with you while staying where it’s supposed to. The midrise back reduces your chances of sporting an early-aughts “whale tail” (when your thong creeps over the top of your pants), and the bonded edges lie flat. Though the construction doesn’t feel as sturdy as on our stitched picks, our testers haven’t noticed any issues with durability in months of wearing and washing. The cost of this thong (currently $16) was in the middle of the pack of prices for thongs we tested—more expensive than the department-store multipacks but less expensive than fancier picks, like the Cosabella Comfie Thong. The ThirdLove’s price isn’t cheap for a single, everyday pair, but we think the comfort and quality are worth it. And if you want to stock up, you can buy a bundle of five for $45 (or $9 bucks a pair). One tester with straight hips and the one with a booty particularly loved the simplicity—and the near invisibility under clothing—of the ThirdLove thong. Its thicker hip band lies flat, and one of our testers noted it looked and felt smoother under a tight, jersey-knit pencil skirt than our other thong pick, the Negative Sieve. But the ThirdLove thong wasn’t as sturdy around the loose skin under her belly button. Unlike with some underwear we tried, the extra-stretchy fabric of this thong didn’t give any sensation of supporting the belly or hips—which some people may miss. This thong comes in sizes XS to 3X and will fit people with hips that measure up to 54½ inches—only Hanky Panky’s size range is bigger (3X fits up to 58-inch hips). The ThirdLove 24/7 Classic Uplift Plunge Bra is a pick in our bra guide, so you can create a set. The side seams are glued. The side seams’ only stitching is at the top and bottom of the seams, to tack it in place. So this thong feels flimsier than the Negative thong. As ThirdLove recommends on its site, hand-washing this piece in cool temperatures will elongate its lifespan. However, we haven’t noticed any deterioration after machine-washing this thong three times in a regular cold-water load and hanging it to dry. The narrow crotch area bothered one of our testers. She lamented that she suffered a frontal wedgie while wearing this thong to a yoga class, and she blamed the skimpy gusset and lightweight, seamless material that didn’t stay put. The width of the gusset is actually the same as that of the Negative thong (but about half the width of the gussets on Hanky Panky’s thongs). That said, this thong is perhaps better suited for daily wear rather than for an exercise class (one of our experts recommends not wearing underwear at all while working out). Size range: XS to XXXLFabric: 68% nylon, 32% spandex body; 100% cotton gussetColors: The ThirdLove thong comes in a range of saturated colors, including five nudes.Care instructions: Hand-washing is recommended; lay flat to dry. We’re going to use the word panties only once in this guide, and it’s to tell you that we’ll never use it again. If that’s not a reason to trust us, here are a few more: I have been a journalist for almost two decades, and I have a deep background in women’s service and lifestyle journalism. I interviewed multiple experts to understand the design, fit, and fabric choices of underwear manufacturing, and I spoke with an ob-gyn to understand underwear’s relationship with vaginal health. Our testers had no insight into which experts I interviewed for this guide. So even though I spoke with Romaine Sargent, then VP/GM for Hanes, and Rachel Erickson, director of design and merchandising for Hanes, the testers rated their products independently, and the pick choice was not influenced by the experts. The world of underwear is vast. Hundreds of retailers sell it. You can buy it in grocery stores, department stores, malls, online direct-to-consumer, lingerie shops, and nearly every big-box store. We would not be shocked if Home Depot came out with its own line of underwear. Which is to say that narrowing down the field is a daunting endeavor. We limited our scope of brands to underwear specialists (rather than general clothing brands), testing longstanding mass-market multipacks, intimate lines, and newer, direct-to-consumer disruptors. The good news that emerged from all of our research for this guide: After staring at hundreds of images of the lower halves of models, we’re happy to report that many companies are using models in a wider range of sizes, and they seem to be airbrushing models less to allow for a more realistic view of women’s bodies. We saw stretch marks, pores, and textured skin in the photos. Many underwear brands are leaning into using less judgmental naming—cinnamon, walnut, almond—to replace skin-tone descriptors. Our original testing panel consisted of three cis women and one transgender woman, and they ranged in size (S to XL) and self-described body shape (straight hips, wide hips, bigger booty); three of our testers identified themselves as having post-pregnancy tummy pooches, too. Our trans tester did not test thongs. Each tester wore each pair for a minimum of a day, but the favorite pairs quickly moved into daily rotation. And a handful of our testers have been wearing them regularly for at least a few months and up to a year. The testing panel rated the undies according to the following criteria:. Fabric quality: We tested pairs in a variety of fabrics, asking our panel members to consider feel, weight, and texture of the underwear in their rankings. Most mass-manufactured underwear does not have a fully enclosed gusset (where the cotton crotch panel is completely sewn onto the main body of the underwear), but those that do exhibit a mark of care and quality. Nearly every pair we tested, no matter the fabric, had a breathable cotton gusset. Fit: Since fit is incredibly important, we did not test any one-size-fits-all underwear. We asked our testers to rate the fit on a scale from 1 to 5, factoring in whether or not the undies rode up, rolled down, or otherwise bunched, or if they became uncomfortable during a variety of everyday activities. Style: Bikini and hipster styles make up the majority of the market, so we focused mostly on those, and we indicated the other cuts (such as cheeky or boyshort) a particular style may come in. We also tested a wide range of thongs, since in terms of comfort and ease, the divide between a thong and a hipster is quite wide. Cost: For this first round of testing, we sent an anonymous survey to our staff, asking anyone who wore women’s underwear how much they were generally willing to pay per pair and what brands and styles they preferred. As a result, we focused on everyday underwear, eliminating anything that’s not meant to be worn all day, and we narrowed our price range to $35 or less per pair. The cost of individual pairs can vary depending on bundle deals ($12 each or three for $30, for example), but the average cost of the underwear we tested was about $14 per pair. Though we tested several inexpensive multipacks, pairs sold individually came out on top according to our criteria for fit, fabric, and style. The exceptions were pairs from Hanes and Fruit of the Loom, which struck the right balance of fit and quality, regardless of the inexpensive price tag. Color range: Though you may need a pair or two of nude undies to wear beneath light-colored fabrics, we found that most people don’t consider this as necessary for underwear as they do for a bra. So we didn’t limit our choices to those that came in a wide range of true nudes. The fact is that many companies sell pairs that are bright, bold, and patterned, especially in multipacks. If that’s not your style, it’s best to aim for a per-piece brand. Sustainability: While we agree that sustainability is incredibly important—and we looked at sustainability practices of each company—there is no concrete way to know for sure whether a company’s claims are accurate. Many companies have no stated sustainability practices. Hanes outlines its sustainability in a dedicated website, Hanes Brands Sustainability, as does Hanky Panky. And Negative includes information on sourcing and manufacturing practices. As an aside, two of our picks, Natori and ThirdLove, outline their charitable practices on their websites. Historically, underwear sizing is superbly weird, with no numbering that’s parallel to women’s other clothing sizes (and no one really knows why). Roughly, an underwear size 4 is XS and a 10 is 2XL. We listed the manufacturer’s sizing here, but it’s fundamentally imprecise and varies from company to company. The most important thing to do is check the measurement-based sizing guide for each brand before you buy. Our testers found that their sizing jumped a bit among brands. So you should not guess—otherwise, you may end up with ill-fitting underwear that involves discrete or overt wedgie-picking every time you wear it. Aesthetically, panty lines and cutting/bulging can happen when underwear doesn’t lie flat on your skin. And since underwear is touching parts of your body that may experience negative health consequences if they are squeezed, pinched, or scratched for many hours a day, it’s especially important to find underwear that fits properly. “If you wear your [underwear] too tight, it drags bacteria from the back to the front and increases discharge. I see this with thongs all the time. It creates fissuring, cuts, and breakdown in the skin that lets in bacteria,” said Maureen Whelihan, MD, FACOG, from Elite GYN Care of The Palm Beaches in Florida. “Reduce your visits to the GYN by choosing the right size underwear and the right style for the moment.” Whelihan said that also means it’s best not to sleep or to exercise in underwear—especially with tight-fitting yoga pants—because the damp vaginal area needs the opportunity to air out. We tried to test underwear with a wide range of sizing, and as we expand our testing field in future updates, we’ll keep a close eye on size availability. There’s recommended fabric care, and then there’s what most people do. In general, nylons should not be washed in hot water or in a high-heat dryer because that will degrade the fit of the fabric. But underwear is called “intimates” for a reason, and a variety of substances can make it dirty. A hotter wash is better for eliminating bacteria, but it’s not great for most fabrics. We washed all of our picks in hot water to see how they fared. However, if your goal is to get the most life out of the underwear you own, it’s best to follow the care instructions on the label. If you want a sporty fabric that’s breathable but very basic: Consider Fruit of the Loom’s Breathable Micro-Mesh Bikini Underwear (sizes 5 to 9). It also comes in a Brief and a Lo-Rise Brief, and in extended sizing, a Fit for Me brief (sizes 9 to 13). This underwear is made of quick-dry polyester that reminds us of basketball shorts material. All of our testers loved the fit (if not the style) of these undies, since they were very comfortable and stayed in place. But the machine-wash-cold laundering instructions seem restrictive for everyday wear. This underwear is sold in multipacks, including a mix of solids with stripes or florals. And if you include the extended sizing, Fruit of the Loom has the largest size range of any of the underwear we tested. We would have made the briefs a pick, but we found the “Fit for Me” branding of the extended sizing off-putting. Also, we were confused by the color selection in the Body Tone multipack. So overall we’re uncomfortable with the current focus of Fruit of the Loom’s branding and marketing. If you are curious about the Instagram ads: The Re:Play Brief and Re:Play Thong from startup company Parade have a modern look, with a front mesh peek-a-boo panel and smooth, second-skin nylon fabric on the main body. Founded in 2019 and led by 20-something CEO Cami Téllez, Parade paints itself as an underwear disruptor, with pairs starting at $8 in scores of social-media-friendly colors. Sizing ranges from XS to 3X (with a size chart that helpfully includes letter sizing, numeric sizing, and hip measurements). Some of our testers didn’t like how high cut the briefs were in the back, rising above some testers’ jeans. We also had some hiccups with the text-message customer service, which seemed fun and convenient in theory but felt slow and disjointed in practice. If you’re looking for a full-coverage pair that screams Granny—in a good way: Sold individually or bundled as three discounted pairs, Jockey Smooth & Shine Seamfree underwear is made of machine-washable nylon, in sizes 4 to 9. Testers reported liking the stay-put design, comfortable fit, and clean lines. These are a good nylon option, but they’re a little more full-coverage than our pick, the Tommy John Air Brief. If you want a seamless look: With a size range of 1 (XS) to 6 (XXL), Cuup The Thong and Cuup The Bikini are made from 88% “semi-synthetic” modal and 12% elastane. The gusset is made from “antimicrobial” (their words) bamboo rather than cotton, and we didn’t find it to be as moisture-wicking as that of our other picks. But our testers thought the styling on the bikini was cute (it’s got a V-shaped waist), and the fit was solid. “They sat seamlessly on my hips and didn’t cause any indents in the softer areas around my hips where other undies with tighter elastic bands might have,” one tester said. Another said they thought this underwear was “flattering and provided good coverage.” We suggest pairing these with the Cuup Scoop Bra, which we recommend in our bra guide. If you’re looking for gender-nonconforming, next-generation tightie whities: Tomboy X Iconic Briefs are designed to look like traditional boys briefs, with a thick, stay-put logo waistband and a huge variety of color options intended to make a statement. Tomboy X offers a large size range, and these briefs are well constructed of thick, 95% cotton with reinforced seams. Our tester with round hips said she’d wear them occasionally, but they were too thick to be worn under anything she owns besides jeans. The quality is there, so the decision to buy them or not is all about style. If you’re looking for a lacy edge that doesn’t bunch up: Our straight-hipped and booty testers loved the lacy, made-in-Italy Cosabella Comfie Thong, while our tester with hips found that the lace body dug into her. The wide lace band also might show through clingy clothes, though it does stay in place nicely. The main fabric is 85% polyamide and 15% elastane, with a 95% cotton gusset (crotch). Ultimately, the limited size range (SM, ML, L, XL) and higher price tag made it difficult to select this one as an official pick. If you want a more-polished basic cotton bikini: Three out of four testers loved the Thirdlove Everyday Cotton Bikini, deeming it soft and comfortable. Unfortunately, the tester with round hips had issues with the bikini staying in place, and she reported that it rode up and gave her a wedgie. So ultimately we didn’t select this as a pick. If you’re into a little lace: Our transgender and booty testers flipped for the Soma Embraceable Signature Lace Bikini, calling it “feminine and sexy” and reporting that the lace edging didn’t bunch up. Our straight-hip and hippy testers were less enthusiastic, saying that the lace edging was rough and the leg bands cut into their skin. With sizes ranging from XS to XXL, these 95% rayon, 5% spandex undies are low-rise in front with a butt that doesn’t ride up. This bikini is a good choice for those who won’t be bothered by the texture of the edges. We were really excited about Kim Kardashian’s underwear line, Skims. This underwear comes in a wide range of sizes, styles, and true nudes. At the time we began reporting this guide, Skims items were selling out before our eyes, and stock issues were a real challenge when it came to consistently testing pairs across a range of body types. The few pairs we did manage to buy were solidly constructed and fit well, but we were not able to test them on enough people to recommend them. We’ll add them to the mix for the next round of testing. Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty line has been lauded as the next-gen Victoria’s Secret, with ultra-sexy styles at a low price—and in a notable size range. For this guide, we focused on styles that could be worn all day. And while not everything Rihanna offers is skimpy and lacy (there are some “essentials,” like cheeky briefs), the online shopping experience isn’t as fabulous as the styles and prices are. Savage X follows a subscription model similar to that of Fabletics. So when customers enter the site and during browsing, they are confronted with pop-ups for creating a login and committing to a monthly membership. It’s possible to buy things as a “guest,” but you won’t get the great deals. We’ll consider testing next time around. There may be pairs on this list that you love and want to defend. And that’s fine! Let us know if you think we should reconsider. But we ultimately knocked them out in the first round for any number of reasons, including fabric quality, plaguing stock issues, fit challenges, or obnoxious, unavoidable tags. Testers didn’t like the feel or fit of the Auden Cotton Hipster (currently unavailable) and the Auden Seamless Thong, both from Target’s house brand. Though the Calvin Klein Modern Cotton bikini earned points for being well made, the giant tag sewn into the garment and the in-your-face styling turned off testers. Commando, beloved by stylists for a zero-pantyline silhouette, is likely great for short-term wear or photo shoots. But the raw edges on the Commando Butter Hipster rolled and slipped, even with minimal movement. Testers also thought the fabric was too thin. “Yes, the thinness is the whole idea. But I just feel like they’re going to fall apart in my hands or rip when I put them on. I don’t want to be nervous about the future of my undergarments!” one tester said. Though the fabric of the Jockey No Panty Line Promise Tactel Thong was similar to that of the TommyJohns (“silky and smooth”), testers reported that the Jockey thong dug into their skin, making this underwear difficult to wear for a full day. We wanted to test Nubian Skin underwear, a line of intimates with four nude shades designed for women of color. But the UK-based company has a $100 free-shipping minimum, and its complicated return policy seemed a bit out of reach at the time we started testing items for this guide. (However, some styles are now available online at Net-a-Porter.com.) We would like to revisit this line for our next update. With bra hooks that open and close the seams at the hips, Slick Chicks Adaptive Underwear is intended to be easy to put on or take off from any position—sitting, standing, or lying down. Cara Liebowitz, a disability rights activity and wheelchair user, tested a pair for us, and she found that the clasp dug uncomfortably into her left side, making them impossible to wear all day. Due to stock issues, our hippy tester was the only person able to try the Gap Breathe Bikini (XS to XXL) and Gap Stretch Cotton Bikini (XS to XL). They both fit well (with very little shifting), are relatively inexpensive, and are usually available online and in-store. To fully make them a pick, we’ll need to do more testing across a wider range of body types. Similarly, due to stock issues, the Uniqlo AIRism Ultra Seamless Hiphugger and the Uniqlo Basic Bikini (no longer available) weren’t available in every tester’s sizing. This article was edited by Catherine Kast and Jennifer Hunter. Maureen Whelihan, MD, FACOG, Elite GYN Care of The Palm Beaches in Florida, phone interview, July 30, 2020. Romaine Sargent, VP/GM, and Rachel Erickson, director design and merchandising, at Hanesbrands Inc., joint phone interview, September 18, 2020. Asia Mone’t, fit model specializing in intimate apparel, phone interview, August 26, 2020. Cora Harrington, founder of The Lingerie Addict blog, phone interview, August 24, 2020. Heather Garcia, senior director of merchandising, Bare Necessities, phone interview, August 7, 2020. Annemarie Conte is a deputy editor at Wirecutter. She has written and edited for multiple outlets throughout her career, including Woman’s Day, Seventeen, The New York Times, O The Oprah Magazine, and Jane magazine. You can follow her on Instagram. Period underwear is more reliable—and better looking—than ever. The best styles for you depend on your period and preferences. We recommend several styles. We tested 34 pairs of travel underwear and found that ExOfficio’s Give-N-Go 2.0 Sport Mesh 6″ Boxer Brief and Patagonia Women’s Active Hipster panties are the best around. Hanna Andersson’s undies are soft, durable, and cute. Of the 15 brands we tested, they’re also the most resistant to butt-picking. by Eve O'Neill and Liz Thomas. We sent 13 testers out to hike, ski, shovel snow, and run, and we found base layers in a variety of styles and fabrics that will keep all types of bodies warm. Wirecutter is the product recommendation service from The New York Times. Our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. Whether it’s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we’ll help you get it right (the first time). © 2023 Wirecutter, Inc., A New York Times Company.

When you buy through our links, Insider may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more. Underwear. You won't give it a second thought if it's fabulously comfortable, but if it's anything less than that, it's all you'll be able to think about. Thankfully, there are plenty of options these days that are as comfortable as they are playful, and you really can't ask for more when it comes to your undergarments. Brands like Tommy John, Everlane, and Parade are getting it right time after time. After years of testing underwear brands as a team, we rounded up the best pairs from brands we stand behind to help you find the perfect fit. If you're specifically looking for lingerie, check out our complete guide on the best lingerie brands here. If you're sick of heavy cotton underwear that feels like it's constantly bunching and digging, you want to try SKIMS. The brand has cracked the code on comfortable, lightweight, incredibly stretchy knickers. The styles are so easy to wear, it sometimes feels like you're wearing absolutely nothing at all, and their seamless designs seem to disappear under whatever you're wearing. Former senior editor Maria Del Russo swears by the SKIMS' Fits Everybody line and has multiple styles and colors. "I'm not usually a fan of thongs, but Skims' fabric is so comfortable, I actually enjoy wearing this notoriously uncomfortable style," she says. And since the brand has an inclusive range of nude colors, you'll be able to find a flesh tone that matches you. True & Co. is known as the lingerie startup that surveyed 6 million people in search of the right fit for a wireless bra. When a company is that intentional with ensuring customer satisfaction, comfort, and support, it's safe to assume we can trust them with our underwear needs too. Like their bras, panties come from a muted color palette and are seamless. Most pieces are made from the signature True Body fabric that's smooth and soft against the body. It also appears to be nearly invisible under clothes because it's elastic free which means no bulging, rolling, or pulling. True Body underwear is best for women looking for an overall good pair of no-shows. Although ThirdLove is mostly known for its bras, you'd be silly to sleep on its underwear. The brand is able to toe the line between beauty and functionality seamlessly — something not many underwear companies are able to do. Its lacey briefs look gorgeous, of course, but they're also decidedly comfortable. Instead of itching and digging like a lot of lace, ThirdLove's styles move with you, so wearing them isn't a chore. If you prefer to buy your panties in multiples, ThirdLove also has you covered. It groups its collections by style, allowing you to buy packs of three, five, or six pairs of underwear, saving you cash. No matter what your style is, ThirdLove's underwear wears like a dream. Tommy John may have started off with men's underwear, but its new feminine Second Skin and Air underwear collections prove that the company's designers know a thing or two about what people look for in a great pair of underwear. That means no scrunching, chafing, bunching, or riding up. And boy does Tommy John's underwear deliver on its promise that there will be "no adjustment needed.". The Air collection is fantastic for hotter weather or workouts because it's made with improved ventilation, moisture-wicking, and deodorizing fabric. The Air underwear comes in briefs, cheeky, and thongs that are made from 77% Nylon mesh and 23% Spandex. Everlane's underwear collection features bikini, thong, hipster, and high-rise hipster styles that are all made with Supima cotton that's grown in the United States and made into underwear at ethical factories. The cotton's extra-long fibers are super soft on your skin and the material is breathable. Our team reviewed Everlane's cotton underwear and recycled nylon underwear and we loved them. The cotton high-rise hipster was a group favorite with its full coverage and comfortable feel. I also personally loved the regular hipster style, which is both sexy and comfortable. Those of us who prefer thongs were also impressed with Everlane's take on that classic sexy style. You only have to pay $25 for six pairs of underwear from Aerie, but just because it doesn't cost an arm and a leg doesn't mean it's not a fantastic piece of underwear. Beyond the unbeatable price point, Aerie also makes truly comfortable and dependable underwear. Simple and unfussy, the majority of these undergarments are made of good ol' cotton. But we're not fazed by the lack of rayon, satin, and silk. To say that Aerie has a wide selection would be an understatement — no matter what kind of style, color, or print you're looking for, this brand has it. TomboyX makes gender-inclusive underwear that ranges in style from thongs to 9-inch boxer briefs, and comes in sizes XS to 4X. TomboyX adapted masculine-style underwear like trunks and boxer briefs to suit women's bodies, giving people who prefer wearing underwear styles that aren't traditionally feminine a more tailored option. The underwear is made with Standard 100 by Oeko-Tex cotton that's eco-friendly. You can also get MicroModal and athlete-friendly Active Drirelease fabric if you prefer. A few members of the team have tried TomboyX's underwear, and we all love it. Read our full TomboyX review here. Parade is known for stretchy, comfortable, can-barely-feel-them underwear — from cheeky-cut briefs to high-waisted thongs. The underwear comes in two materials; the Re:Play fabric is made of breathable, recycled yarn, while its Silky Mesh is stretchy, breathable cotton you can barely feel against your skin. There are also six different styles to choose from, so you can always get a comfortable pair of panties. Parade also wins points for its commitment to fun colors and patterns. The brand constantly rolls out new collections, from bright neons to kitschy mesh dots. The only drawback — Parade can sometimes have low stock in its popular styles, especially during the brand's many sales. So, be sure to grab your favorites when they're available. MeUndies has made a name for itself with its softer-than-soft materials that are sustainably sourced and breathable. The brand carries styles including hipsters, cheeky briefs, thongs, and boyshorts, and more. Plus, you can wear these undies in many different solid colors and playful prints. MeUndies also has a membership program where shoppers can choose a new pair of underwear each month. Members can save up to 30% on every order, without any added costs. For those who prefer bulk buying, you can shop packs of undies across multiple styles. You can even build your own pack, starting at $45. To hear more about why we love all of the brand's offerings, check out our full review of MeUndies. Our team can't get enough of the coziness of Bombas socks. Believe it or not, their underwear are just as comfy! Each item is tested for both comfort and durability because it is believed that putting on well-fitted underwear that feels good is an overall mood booster. Bombas spreads the joy through the brand's social and environmentally conscious mission. When you buy a pair of underwear, that same brief, boxer, or bikini pack is given to someone in need. And it doesn't stop there. Not only are Bombas responsibly sourced, but they're designed with the durability to last longer than their competitors. The result is less waste over time. They teamed up with For Days, the zero-waste fashion brand we bought from for a closet revamp. Bombas borrowed their Take Back Bag, a program that offers you a credit in exchange for up to 8 pounds of your unwanted clothing. Read our full review on Bombas underwear here. While Warp + Weft is known for its sustainable denim, it totally makes sense why the brand has branched out and launched a collection of underwear. CEO Sarah Ahmed says that it's common to hear comments about underwear lines when trying on jeans. The dilemma was creating a non-panty-line look without opting for a thong. That's how the bikini brief was born. The Insider Reviews team tried the style and found that the thin line of elastic along the waistband came pretty close to resembling a thong. Available in a handful of flesh color shades, each pair is meant to blend seamlessly with whoever is in them. This way, they're safe to wear under white denim or any other semi-sheer bottoms for that matter. Read our full Warp + Weft underwear review here. Spanx underwear is the perfect balance of comfort and control. Each shaping panty firmly hugs the tummy for results you can see. While more support is offered underneath, it creates a smooth silhouette for your clothes. Even the thong has a thick waistband, so less fabric doesn't mean less support. The difference between this underwear and other shapewear, is that Spanx doesn't accentuate curves, or attempt to cinch. It simply compresses for a secure fit that holds everything in place. Since edges are elastic-free, you don't have to worry about pesky panty lines or too tight of fabric. Made from breathable cotton, Spanx is as comfortable as it is undetectable. If you're looking for intimates with a minimal design, Negative Underwear is the way to go. None of their underwear feature bows or frills in loud prints. Instead, you'll either find the brand's signature power micromesh, the Belgian fabric that's a bit sheer, or the Austrian micro modal fabric with the subtle peek-a-boo stripe effect. Designs are basic, but sexy creating the perfect pieces of comfy lingerie. Each pair is designed with the mission to hold curves in place with a smooth finish without the shapewear feel. Not only is Negative Underwear founded by women, but wear-tested by them too, so each design is made with you in mind. Our editors gave a few pairs a try and swear they're some of the comfiest they've ever worn. Read our full Negative Underwear review here. When Adore Me first launched, it was recognized for its wide range of sexy styles in extended sizes. Although we can find several companies today doing the same, Adore Me is owed props for being one of the first. Their mission has always been to create inclusive lingerie that is affordable and easily accessible for all shapes and sizes. Although Adore Me is available in 77 sizes, cups from A to I, and bands 30 through 46, the brand still strives to create even more range. It's recommended to get styles when you see them because every month, a new collection is dropped featuring colors and prints that are on trend. Still, you can count on Adore Me for strappy thongs, lacey waistbands, and cheeky hems. We tested Cuup's unlined bra for larger cups and found the fit to be both lightweight and supportive. Cuups' underwear doesn't trail too far behind when it comes to comfort and control. Like the bras, designs are minimal, so it's easy for them to become essentials in your rotation. A signature silhouette is the cut of the Highwaist meant to accentuate the body by elongating the legs. The waistband usually falls somewhere between the belly button and right below it cinching in the tummy ever so slightly. While you can buy panties separately, each style is also available in a bundle of three or five. When it comes to quality underwear, you can never have too much. Plus, you save about $12! Sign up for Insider Reviews' weekly newsletter for more buying advice and great deals.You can purchase logo and accolade licensing to this story here.Disclosure: Written and researched by the Insider Reviews team. We highlight products and services you might find interesting. If you buy them, we may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our partners. We may receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising team. We welcome your feedback. Email us at reviews@insider.com.

As POPSUGAR editors, we independently select and write about stuff we love and think you'll like too. If you buy a product we have recommended, we may receive affiliate commission, which in turn supports our work. We really love shopping (no surprise there!), but when it comes to stocking up on work clothes or other office-appropriate essentials, we know so many people can feel bored, frustrated, and even fatigued just trying to update their work wardrobes each time a new season rolls around. The struggle to find office-friendly styles that are stylish, comfortable, and affordable is very real — especially with so many people and brands embracing more work-from-home fashion these days. While not all of us have the luxury of working from home and getting dressed up in our favorite pair of pajamas every day, there is a silver lining for anyone who's still commuting into a formal office, and it comes in the form of some seriously chic work tops that are (best of all) available to shop from some of our go-to retailers. Upon further digging, our editors discovered that brands like Amazon, Loft, Banana Republic, Zara, H&M, and Nordstrom all have a wide selection of work-friendly blouses, tops, button-downs, sweater vests, and tanks that you can feel good about buying in any season. And to help you expand your capsule work wardrobe even more, we rounded up our favorite online styles for you to consider. With the new year in full swing, now's the perfect time to treat yourself to some new options for your closet. From classic striped button-down shirts to puff-sleeve blouses, there's something for every person's taste and aesthetic. Get to shopping — you don't even have to leave the house (for this part, at least). — Additional reporting by Macy Williams. by  Karenna Meredith
                    
                        38 minutes ago. by  Monica Sisavat
                    
                        43 minutes ago. by  Eden Arielle Gordon
                    
                        2 hours ago. by  Njera Perkins
                    
                        3 hours ago. Get a Daily Dose of Style. Select the topics that interest you:. By signing up, I agree to the Terms  and Privacy Policy  and to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get a daily dose of style right in your inbox. Sign up for our Fashion & Beauty newsletter. By signing up, I agree to the Terms  and Privacy Policy  and to receive emails from POPSUGAR. THANKS! YOU'RE NOW SUBSCRIBED. Customize your newsletter. Please select the topics you're interested in:. THANKS! YOU'RE NOW SUBSCRIBED. Would you like to turn on POPSUGAR desktop notifications to get breaking news ASAP? Great, Click the ‘Allow’ Button Above
                    ☝️. Awesome, You’re All Set!
                    🎉.

HERE IS THE LIST OF THE MOST FASHIONABLE BLOUSES OF THE SEASON. Blouse trends for spring summer 2023, here! Yes, here’s the list of all the blouses in style for spring summer 2023. From a simple silk blouse, that you can wear every day to the statement blouses that are perfect when dressing up for a wedding or a party. And what is more, I’m also letting you know where to buy blouses online. It is time to shop into one of the biggest spring summer 2023 trends. All these blouses that are in fashion for spring summer 2023 will have you back on the list of the best dressed with a rejuvenated spirit. Featuring organza sleeves and floral rosettes, here is the modern answer to your spring summer wardrobe. I get a commission for purchases or clicks made through links in this post. But not at your expense. That is on the retailer. We all turn to blouses when we want looks that flatter but don’t restrict. But wait, are blouses even in style for spring summer 2023? You know what they say; there are no silly questions. So wondering whether blouses are in style or not for spring summer 2023, when everyone wears halterneck tops, pretty knits or simple tees most of the time, is legit. Even so, blouses are in style for spring summer 2023. And if another Y2K fashion trend weren’t so big right now, a blouse would be the most fashionable women’s top of the season. Well, truth be told, the sheer blouse is of the three most fashionable tops of the season. But it is not the only blouse in fashion for spring 2023. Here are all the blouse trends for 2023. And here it is – the list of the most fashionable blouses for spring summer 2023. The list with all, but seriously all, must have blouses in style for spring summer 2023. Ps. blouses are listed to follow the narrative. Even so, we are starting the list with the most fashionable blouse for spring 2023. Get a jump start on spring with a fashionable sheer blouse. A sheer blouse is the most fashionable blouse of spring summer 2023. There is a marked preference for simple silhouettes that abound with poise and attitude. By the way, I bought this floral lace sheer pink blouse with cami lining – it’s the most fashionable of the most fashionable blouses for spring 2023 – POV if you accessorise it with a floral rosette. Admittedly, that pretty floral lace sheer pink blouse with cami lining I just bought is not entirely my style – it’s romantic Y2K, but paired with some dark denim and sneakers, I will easily turn it into romantic chic, which is more to my taste. From the recent catwalks, further signs emerge that softer, sexier and more traditionally feminine blouses continue to make their way into dressier looks. Serenity and grace, ruffled blouses offer a luminous way of elevating your outfit for an ordinary day. I love this ruffled blouse, but I already have a similar sheer ruffled blouse, so instead, I will buy this frilled silk blouse that I love as well. POV I need this blouse in every colour. Once thought of as being old-fashioned, a peplum blouse has made quite a comeback. The key is in the execution, so consider options that breathe through lightweight fabrics. The results are true contemporary classics – always sublime and forever elegant. Nothing says pretty quite so well as a blouse with tulle sleeves. Executed in organza and silk, a blouse with tulle sleeves is designed to set your heart aflutter. An organza sleeve blouse is a wardrobe staple that will never lead you astray. It’s the easiest answer for timeless elegance. Ps. Try out different proportions to keep the look modern and get the most of this blouse trend. Channelling a relaxed mood, an organza sleeve blouse signals an optimistic outlook whilst making you look stylish effortlessly. Explore an intriguing contrast of prints that create a striking aesthetic. Embrace the versatility of your new blouse with tulle sleeves and pair it with everything from chic mini skirts to blue denim jeans. We love the interplay with vintage high neck and ruffles for looks of modern elegance. POV If you like my personal style – or just want to dress more feminine chic, you need or get this black blouse with tulle sleeves. When powering through a busy schedule, the last thing you want to worry about is how to pair your pants. Luckily, a fashionable gathered high neck blouse goes well with everything. By the way, I have just bought this fabulous blouse with a twisted high neck. But I’m also shopping for this one and most likely two more from the widget below. Get full enjoyment out of that golden hour when your day of meetings end and fun, social activities begin. Whether you are headed out for after-work drinks or a party, a ruched blouse won’t look out of place in any setting. The floral rosette detail has emerged as a key update for necklines across dresses and soft blouses. Whatever the occasion, a blouse with floral rosette will be the most precious and fashionable piece in your summer wardrobe 2023. An instant pick-me-up, a blouse with floral rosette is the one item that really makes you stand out. Achieve a perfect spring look paired with jeans and ballet flats for the day or try styling a trucker jacket over the blouse with floral rosette for a cool girl take on this fashionable blouse. By the way, I would buy this rose ruched blouse if it was made of silk – POV $159 is too expensive for a poli blend. Also, I only but things made of poli if I can customize them or are made by my designer friends. Anyway, I decided to be smart by buying into this blouse trend. First, I thought of DIY a silk floral brooch roset, but I am not really crafty and it would take me hours to make a perfect floral rosette blouse. So I just bought this floral rosette choker online. I will wear it with a neck tie blouse – but you can wear it on its own. A floral rosette choker is the most fashionable accessory for spring summer 2023. There is a charming old school feel to the act of tying a bow, paired with lace collars and silk for a truly vintage feel. From intricate prints to lace and pretty shades, a bow tie blouse offers a luxurious take on contemporary femininity. Trust me; I know what I’m writing; I recently bought three neck tie blouses. First, I bought this pretty silk neck tie blouse from &OtherStories – in all the colurs, then I splurged on this stunning Zimmermann bow tie blouse, and for the end, I bought another silk neck tie blouse from &OtherStories in polka dot print that is simply a must have. Translate the signature feminine blouse into a new language by creating endless outfit possibilities with your new neck tie blouse. Paired with tweed shorts and combat boots or styled with pumps and straight jeans, it will meet midway between casual and formal that is a great option for lunch with your girlfriends. But it’s also great for a job interview. In fact, a bow neck tie is the best blouse for a job interview. It’s charming and it covers your bust. If you are feeling bedazzled by the blouse trends 2023 and deliberating which blouse to add to your capsule wardrobe for spring summer 2023, I made a comprehensive list of delectable options. Go through FAQ – it will help, for sure. It depends on your personal style. If your style is chic – get a sheer blouse, if your style is feminine – get a ruffled blouse, if your style is preppy – get a bow tie blouse, if your style is bohemian – get a gathered high neck blouse, if your style is eclectic – get a blouse with floral rosette, if your style is Y2K – get a ruched blouse, if your style is classy – get a peplum blouse. The most fashionable blouses for spring summer 2023 are a sheer blouse, ruffled blouse, ruched blouse, gathered high neck blouse, peplum blouse, blouse with tulle sleeves – organza sleeves, and blouse with floral rosette, bow tie blouse. Sheer blouse with cami lining with a floral rosette! Tunics are not really fashionable this season. Cropped blouses are more fashionable than tunics in 2023. If you can afford only one blouse, get a blouse with floral rosette – preferably in sheer fabric – it’s the most fashionable blouse of the season. Other must have blouses for 2023 are a ruffled blouse, ruched blouse, gathered high neck blouse, sheer blouse, blouse with tulle sleeves – organza sleeves, blouse with floral rosette, bow tie blouse, and s peplum blouse that is coming back in fashion for fall winter 2023/24. You can buy a blouse online on Farfetch, SSENSE, Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Shopbop, Revolve, Mytheresa, Luisaviaroma, 24s, Harrods, Net-a-porter, Matchesfashion, or Moda Operandi. What skirt are you wearing? You can wear any blouse that’s in fashion for spring summer 2023 with the skirts that are in style for spring summer 2023, but a peplum blouse. Surprisingly all the blouses that are in fashion for spring summer 2023 go well with pleated skirts. Except for the peplum blouse. Check how I style a pleated skirt with a blouse for spring summer 2023 to see the best outfits with a pleated skirt and a blouse. Depending on your style and the occasion, any blouse that’s in fashion for 2023. The most stylish blouse to wear with wide leg pants this season is any fashionable blouse that is not wide or ruffled. POV You can’t go wrong with a bow tie blouse,. Depending on the occasion and your style, any blouse that’s in style for 2023. Some blouses are formal, but many aren’t. The only business formal blouses that are also in style for spring summer 2023 are gathered high neck blouse, peplum blouse, and bow tie blouse. Yes, a peplum blouse is fashionable again. But it’s a micro trend. Some blouses are business casual, but not all. As a matter of fact, the most fashionable blouses in style for spring summer 2023 are not business casual. Even so, blouses with tulle sleeves are business casual and in fashion for spring summer 2023. No. Wearing a blazer over a long blouse is not in style for spring summer 2023. But you might see this styling trend emerge again on tiktok as a lame take on the 00s fashion. Regardless, you might prefer to wear a dress instead of a blouse. A blazer over a dress is a stylish combination for work or a party. It depends on the style of the blouse. We don’t tuck in a peplum blouse, a tunic, cropped blouse, a wrap blouse, or a draped blouse if the draping is in the waist. While a shirt can be oversized and loose, a blouse can not be close-fitting. A blouse is more loose-fitting than a shirt. A shirt is tailored, has a collar, sleeves and buttons down the front. Meanwhile, a blouse doesn’t have to have buttons, sleeves or a collar. No, a blouse doesn’t have to have buttons. Yes, a blouse can have buttons. But if it has buttons, it has to be wide in order to be a blouse. If it’s not wide, it’s just a shirt. A pussy bow tie blouse is in fashion for 2023. But it’s not the most fashionable blouse of the season. Only if they are sheer and if the blouse is ruffled. The trendiest blouses for 2023 are a sheer blouse, ruffled blouse, ruched blouse, gathered high neck blouse, peplum blouse, blouse with tulle sleeves – organza sleeves, and blouse with floral rosette, bow tie blouse. Yes, floral blouses are in fashion for summer 2023. However, there are other prints that are on trend, too. Check print trend report to see the list of all prints in style for spring summer 2023 and fall winter 2023/24. In black or in any other color that’s on trend for spring summer 2023. Check the color trend report to see the list of the most fashionable colors for spring summer 2023. Veronika Lipar, fashion trend analyst, fashion stylist, editor and founder of Brunette from Wall Street spends her time watching fashion shows, analysing fashion trends, and browsing through fashion magazines, fashion business journals to make sure you are never behind of any new fashion trend or run out of new outfit ideas. By using our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device and access them when you visit the site in the future. Learn More. © Veronika Lipar and Brunette from Wall Street, 2023. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Veronika Lipar and Brunette from Wall Street with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Subscribe to my newsletters to get Brunette from Wall Street straight to your inbox!

No wardrobe is complete without a crisp, tailored button-down, like Jenni Kayne's Classic Shirt. There’s good reason the classic women’s button-down shirt, with its subtle nod to menswear, is at the top of any fashion-essentials list. This simple, effortless wardrobe staple is a foundational piece that helps you pull off a polished look in a matter of minutes and easily transitions from on- to off-duty: You can layer it under a blazer with the best women’s suits, for example, or wear it as a dressier alternative to white tees with jeans on the weekend, or throw it over your swimsuit for a chic vacation vibe. Having an arsenal of options at the ready in varying fabrics, silhouettes and colors will see you through every season, according to the experts we spoke to. Here, they share advice for choosing the best women’s button-down shirts, including their can’t-live-without staples, from classic oxfords to relaxed boyfriend fits to all the other styles on heavy rotation in their wardrobe. Sizes: XXS - XXL | Colors: French Blue, White, Navy Stripe, Vintage Blue Stripe | Materials: Cotton. Jenni Kayne is known for simple, elevated staples with a touch of California cool. The brand is coveted for its cult-favorite cashmere sweaters but Kayne’s impeccable shirting ranks equally among her bestsellers. The Classic Button-Down is made from 100% Italian cotton, with button sleeve cuffs, a back pleat and shirttail hem. Other options to consider: If simplicity is your style mantra, you can also make a case for Jenni Kayne’s unfussy collarless shirt and slim-fit shirt. Or cozy up in her classic flannel on a weekend. Sizes: 00 - 16 | Colors: White, Light Blue | Materials: Organic cotton. As an affordable, sustainable, everyday staple, Everlane’s Relaxed Oxford has a borrowed-from-the-boys vibe. It’s made from the same organic cotton used in the brand’s men’s oxford, in fact, only it’s been re-imagined in a fit that flatters a woman’s body. Wear it tucked in or out, buttoned up or open. Sizes: 00-16| Colors: White | Materials: Cotton. A tuxedo shirt offers a dressier take on the classic button-down. Wear it to elevate jeans or with tailored trousers—finding a sleek and slim-line fit is key for a polished look. To that end, J.Crew’s design tucks in easily without bunching and is crafted from sustainably-grown cotton from Thomas Mason, one of Europe’s oldest mills. Other styles to consider: J.Crew really nails affordable, quality shirting so you also won’t go wrong in their classic fit shirt. Sizes: XXS - XXL | Colors: Eyelet White | Materials: Cotton. Madewell’s Ex-Boyfriend shirt if for those who prefer a longer, oversized, button-down. With its low-key vibe, it’s the perfect weekender, worn untucked with jeans or as a shirt thrown over your swimsuit, thanks to the longer length. It’s cut from airy cotton fabric and breezy side-slits. Sizes: 32 - 42| Colors: Riviera Stripe, Orange Stripe| Materials: Cotton. New York-based fashion consultant Sarah Meikle considers button-downs part of her uniform. “I wear them everyday as a chic alternative to t-shirts,” she says. “A button-down looks put-together and is so easy to throw on and go. Meikle is especially partial to Totême’s Riviera Stripe. “It’s a crisp cotton-poplin fabric with a slightly oversized fit so I wear it untucked,” she says. “I also love the monogrammed detail on the front, mother of pearl buttons and the curved hem that hangs slightly longer at the back.”. Sizes: XS-XXL| Colors: Oyster White, Stone, Bluish, Green| Materials: Linen. A perfect blend of dressy yet casual, a linen shirt is breathable and versatile whether you pair it with shorts in summer or jeans in fall. Go for it in crisp white or a softer beige, which is great year-round. Linen is also known for its ability to crumple— though many of our stylists believe its lived-in look is all part of the charm. Sizes: UK4 - 16 | Colors: Light blue | Materials: Cotton. If you’re more of a traditionalist when it comes to classic tailoring or work in a corporate environment, consider this slim blue and white pinstripe button-down. Made from crisp cotton-poplin, it’s mid-weight with a non-stretch fit so it will keep its structure and has an elegant, contrasting white collar and cuffs. Layer it under suiting with dressy jeans or trousers. Sizes: XS-L | Colors: White | Materials: 100% silk. The Row is sought out by discerning fashion shoppers for their luxurious yet laid-back style essentials. If you want to invest in silk shirt that’s extremely well-made and will last you season after season, New York-based stylist Sarah Easley swears by The Row’s Carla silk shirts. “It’s an unexpected fabric for this wardrobe basic,” she says. “I adore the fun drama of the generous side slits and dainty mother of pearl buttons—this shirt can be worn for day but is so special for evening over a back lace bodysuit.”. To curate our list of best button-downs, we asked expert fashion stylists to provide their tried-and-true favorites, taking into consideration style, fabric, fit and price. We also researched bestsellers from brands whose DNA is in great shirting and crossed referenced these lists with actual shopper reviews. Finally, we took into account our own personal experience with wearing button-downs as a foundational wardrobe staple to come up with our final list of recommendations. It’s an everyday staple with timeless appeal, but you don’t need to spend a lot of money on a good button-down. There is an endless selection of high-quality, affordable shirts in classic and on-trend styles in cotton and organic cotton available at Everlane, J.Crew and Madewell. If you do find something you love that’s more expensive, make sure it has a unique detail like a puff sleeve, ruffle or luxurious fabric that makes it a statement piece. And consider the cost-per-wear factor. If you’re truly going to live in this button-down and take good care of it, it should last and that justifies the cost. “You can never have enough button-downs so instead of splurging on one investment piece, it’s better to create a shirt wardrobe, “ says New York-based fashion consultant Sarah Meikle, adding that everyone needs a white, blue, and striped button-down at a minimum. “Make sure you have a more classic tailored fit for work or dressy occasions and a relaxed boyfriend style for weekends. And if you see something you love, buy two of the same so you have back-up or buy it in a few in different colorways.” Meikle, for her part, is all about white tuxedo shirts right now, plans to invest in a few variations of the white button-down. “Because trust me, you will always have something to wear.”. “Keep in mind that the simplest pieces can sometimes be the hardest to find,” says wardrobe stylist Alison Bruhn. “Tailoring is very important with white button-downs, so pay attention to the fabric, the stitching and how it fits at the shoulder, across the back, and the bust.” Watch out for gaping of the buttons at the chest and on the wrist, both of which indicate you need a larger size. And if you plan to wear your shirt untucked, make sure it doesn’t consume you. “For example, if you have wider hips, the hem of the shirt should hit above or below your hips, advises Bruhn. If you like more of a boy-meets-girl fit, New York-based stylist Tracy Taylor recommends wearing a slim cut that’s fitted at the shoulder, and leaving a few buttons unbuttoned to loosen things up. “I’ve got narrow shoulders and I’m not super curvy, so keeping the cut as close to tailored as possible prevents me from feeling overwhelmed,” she says. Consider which fabric is right for you, and check the tag in the garment, says Bruhn. Ask yourself these essential questions when it comes to care and maintenance: Does it have to be dry cleaned, and are you OK with that? This is an item of clothing that will probably need to be ironed, so if ironing is not something that you enjoy doing, go with a non-iron fabric or one that’s meant to be worn in a more natural way, such as linen, says Bruhn. Thankfully, cotton reigns when it comes to button-downs and most can be machine washed on a gentle cycle. To help preserve your shirt let it air dry or consider dry cleaning so you have a crisp, ironed shirt ready to go. New York-based stylist Sarah Easley also loves Wardrobe.NYC for their tailored shirting and paired-down high-end essentials. “ I love how they show design restraint with their luxury staples,” she says. Their oversized striped cotton shirt is a “firm favorite” of hers. “The crisp stripe, combined with the slightly oversized silhouette and cotton poplin fabric are the perfect balance of sporty and classic.”.

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories. All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. Gym clothes have come a long way from their humble T-shirt-meets-spandex-bottoms heyday—and the best workout clothes for women today have to meet a variety of fits and needs before they can claim a prime spot in our rotation. Between lounging and working out, we ask a lot from our athleisure (not to mention our wardrobe essentials in general), so it's essential to invest in workhorse pieces that can go anywhere, do anything, and still make you feel like your best self. Stylish options to flex your fashion sense are obviously a must, but most of us also want workout leggings and sports bras that are comfy, functional, and supportive—especially if these are pieces you're slipping into on a bleary-eyed morning (amirite?). Tons of brands know this, and the active and loungewear space is thriving with options right now across a range of price points and sizes. To help you build the ultimate workout wardrobe for doing all the things, we’ve curated a list of MVP-worthy activewear brands—many of which you probably already know, love, and have shopped before. From sportswear icons like Nike to sustainable brands like Girlfriend Collective, below you'll find a comprehensive guide to stocking up on the best workout clothes for women in 2023. Amazon shoppers can't get enough of Colorfulkoala's workout gear—and neither can TikTokers who claim the leggings are “so cute,” “so soft,” and “almost an exact dupe for Lululemon's buttery Align leggings.” The brand doesn't just make leggings; you can also find comfy and smoothing workout tanks, sports bras, and bike shorts. Lululemon doesn't play around with its workout gear, but you already knew that. The brand's claim to fame is its supersoft Align leggings, which wear like second skin and are ubiquitous at workout studios, supermarket checkout lines, and cute local brunch spots alike. (Sizes run from 0 to 20.) Going for a full look? Check out its vast collection of sports bras, which range from low to medium support to high-impact—and come in styles like high-neck, longline, and racerback. (Pro tip: Keep your eyes peeled on its We Made Too Much section to score seasonal hues at a fraction of the original price.). Alo has a loyal roster of celeb fans (Kendall Jenner! Jennifer Lopez! Kaia Gerber!) and for good reason: The brand designs workout clothes that fit like a dream, whether you’re doing a vinyasa flow in your kitchen or taking your furry baby for a stroll around the block. The brand has coined a number of technical performance fabrics like Airlift and Alosoft since its early-aughts debut, and you can find simple silhouettes as well as more on-trend styles in its lineup—think pleated tennis skirts, asymmetric sports bras, sleek long-sleeve bodysuits, and its best-selling leggings. Using recycled plastic water bottles and fishing nets, Girlfriend Collective designs affordable, size-inclusive athleisure in an Instagram-friendly palette of colors like lilac, sage, and auburn. Top and bottom sizes start at XXS and go up to 6XL, with short (23.75") and long inseams (28.5") available for its top-rated leggings and comfortable unitards. Workout sneakers aside, Nike makes the gear of choice for pro athletes and, well, just about everyone else. The heritage brand has a near-infinite range of leggings, hoodies, running shorts, and workout tanks for straight and plus sizes—and keeps things fresh with coveted designer collaborations that blend high-performance fabrics with fashion-forward silhouettes. Save when you shop for the best workout clothes for women with these Nike promo codes. Adidas and its iconic three stripes need no introduction. The activewear giant has been leading the charge in sustainable fabric innovation for years now, with the main mission of ending plastic waste. (It has an ongoing partnership with Parley for the Oceans to use recycled plastic debris and certified fabrics in its designs, and half of its collections are made of recycled polyester.) Adidas also has a long-standing collaboration with Stella McCartney, a pioneer in sustainable women’s wear design. Save when you shop for the best workout clothes for women with these Adidas promo codes. Outdoor Voices kicked the whole athleisure movement into high gear when it debuted its pastel color-block leggings in 2014, and the brand remains a go-to for exercise clothing that's just downright fun to wear. Cute crop tops? A mainstay. Skorts? Those too. How about a dress to dance in? As if you'd want to wear anything else. Nordstrom carries a mix of legacy workout brands—from Sweaty Betty to Nike—that you're probably already familiar with, but don't sleep on its in-house label, Zella. The Nordstrom-owned brand sells everything from sweat-wicking cover-ups to nap-ready sweatpants, with shoppers unanimously obsessed with its high-waist Live In leggings. The bestseller has more than 7,200 rave reviews on Nordstrom’s site (not to mention Glamour's own stamp of approval) and comes in a full-length and cropped version. Save when you shop for the best workout clothes for women with these Nordstrom promo codes. Beyond Yoga has some of the best fabrics in the game, with Spacedye arguably being the star of the show. This one-of-a-kind fabric is stretchy yet supportive, and deliciously cool to the touch. You can find it on everything from cropped tanks to low-impact bras and maternity yoga pants (which tons of stylish women swear by during pregnancies, FYI). Bandier's in-house brand All Access has truly nailed the trifecta of durable, stylish, and versatile activewear. The buzzy label offers a tight-knit edit of leggings, bike shorts, and sports bras available in a rainbow palette of colors and lengths, from three-inch biker shorts to capris and high-waist options with pockets. Shop items separately, or snap up one of its kits to mix and match (and save a little coin while you're at it). Port de Bras is a relative newcomer in the activewear space, but one you should definitely have on your radar. The ballet-inspired brand gained momentum in 2020 for its unique, high-fashion approach to performance wear, with founder Clarissa Egaña prioritizing the use of traceable, eco-friendly fabrics for her pieces. Function meets form at Tory Sport, which you can rely on for high-quality essentials that go beyond your everyday lounge and studio needs. The brand has plenty of adorable tennis sets, chic golf dresses, swimwear, and glamping gear to put a luxe spin on whatever activity you're doing. Get ready to live in Set Active's lounge and workout sets. The cool-girl brand serves up sculpting styles in snap-worthy hues like mint, espresso, and sage. Free People's sportswear-focused sister line has a vast selection of onesies, sports bras, and bike shorts that look as good as they feel. Also new for spring 2023? Swim (under the name FP Beach), so add them to the list of best swimwear brands, stat. Save when you shop for the best workout clothes for women with these Free People promo codes. You know Athleta, you love Athleta. Gap's sister brand is a mainstay for workout gear that goes as hard as you do. Beyond the essentials, it also carries a ton of everyday styles—think down jackets, cozy wraps, and comfy travel pants. Save when you shop for the best workout clothes for women with these Athleta promo codes. Come for the Super Puff jackets and Melina leather trousers, stay for Tna's plush hoodies and sweatpants that you'll never want to take off. Also great here? It's white T-shirts and tank tops for throwing over anything from jeans to leggings. Vuori has had a loyal following for years now, but only recently did the brand go mass thanks to TikTok virality. The brand's sherpa jacket was a top seller in the health and wellness category in 2022, according to LTK, but we've always loved its adjustable drawstring leggings and joggers. From sleek turtleneck tops and buttery-soft bras to high-rise leggings and bike shorts, Splits59 makes some of the best low-to-medium impact sportswear, which is why we love it so much. Also noteworthy: Many leggings come in cropped versions so petites can feel represented too; the flared Raquel crop is a noted editor favorite. By Talia Abbas and Jake Smith. By Kelsey Clark and Jake Smith. By Talia Abbas and Elaheh Nozari. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Why Trust Us? Flattering and stylish options to keep you cool and comfortable during every type of exercise. We updated this article in January 2023 to include new picks vetted by the Good Housekeeping Institute Textiles Lab. Lululemon remains our choice for the best overall workout top. Whether you prefer sweat sessions at the gym or at-home workouts, what you wear when you exercise can make or break your fitness routine. It's crucial that your workout tops fit well, feel comfortable and wick sweat away to keep you dry. Not to mention, they should hold up to repeated use and shouldn't compromise on fashion or function — you deserve to look and feel cute at the gym or outdoors. Whether you prefer fitted crop tops, loose tanks or long-sleeve shirts, there are plenty of options to choose from for every budget and activity level. The Good Housekeeping Institute's Textiles Lab tests all types of workout clothing, including the best sports bras, workout leggings, yoga pants and sneakers. Our analysts evaluate aspects like durability, washability and moisture management in addition to working directly with consumer testers to get firsthand feedback. To determine the best workout tops, we considered top-performing brands from our previous clothing tests, personal favorites from our product experts and popular styles with rave reviews from real users. Read on for more information on how we selected our recommendations, along with tips on how to find your best workout top. Ready to add more staples to your new activewear wardrobe? Check out our guide to the best workout shoes. Our experts have personally worn Lululemon's Swiftly Tech workout tops for years and love how they're "moisture-wicking, move with your body and still look new after a million washes." Known for its popular leggings and activewear, the brand constantly stands out in our tests for its luxe, moisture-wicking fabric and thoughtful design, like the seamless construction of this top, which is meant to reduce chafing. Our analysts find that this style is fitted enough to stay put yet not so tight that it's skin-tight and unflattering, making it great for any activity, from high intensity workouts like CrossFit to running outdoors. This particular workout top sits right at the waistband for a not-too-short yet not-too-long fit, but the brand also offers a hip-length version for taller users, a high-neck version for more coverage and a larger selection of T-shirts and long-sleeves. Not only does this top have over 52,000 Amazon reviews with an average 4.5-star rating, it's also a steal at under $25. It has a built-in bra with removable padding and a soft fabric in a flattering design. The downside is that it's meant to provide light support, making it better suited for studio workouts. Still, if you're looking for a trendy style that doesn't break the bank, this one certainly fits the bill. The perfect combination of loose and fitted, this long tank has flowy fabric and forgiving ruching around the stomach with a more snug fit around the hips, with internal grippers along the hem that keep it in place during everything from yoga to HIIT. The seamless design helps minimize chafing during long runs and the breathable, moisture-wicking fabric is perfect for outdoor exercise. Plus, it's the go-to top for any workout, from hiking to weight-lifting, for one of our textiles analysts. A top-performing activewear brand in our tests, Under Armour products have excellent stretch and wick moisture with ease. This V-neck shirt is great for those who prefer short sleeves rather than tank tops, and it features quick-drying fabric in many different colors and sizes. It has a loose yet slim fit that pairs well with athletic shorts, like running shorts and bike shorts, or leggings for indoor and outdoor workouts. Perfect for a low-intensity workout like yoga, this lightweight cropped tank is super stylish with a unique ruched design on the bottom. It's a personal favorite of several of our experts, including GH Contributor and Product Expert Jamie Kim, because it's super soft, comfy and acts as an all-in-one workout and everyday top: It's great for pairing with leggings or yoga pants and can also double as a casual top when paired with jeans. Let's be honest: Not everyone wants to wear a tight-fitting tank top to work out, even if it might be the expert-recommended option. For those who prefer looser T-shirts, this one from popular brand Zella is both functional and flattering. The oversized style is forgiving, with a lower hem in the back for extra coverage, but may not stay in place during mat exercises like Pilates, yoga or HIIT, so our experts recommend this top for gym workouts, outdoor running or hiking and spin class. A fan favorite on TikTok, this flattering crop top also has over 10,000 rave reviews on Amazon with an average 4.5-star rating. In fact, it's one of Senior Textiles Analyst Emma Seymour's personal favorites because of how supportive it is and how cute it looks both before and after a workout. Plus, the shorter crop also makes it great to pair with high-waisted leggings for a low-impact studio workout. The only caveat is that the minimal back coverage may cause problems with bulging. If you prefer a relaxed design instead of a fitted top, this racerback tank is the style for you. It has over 3,000 reviews with an average 4.3-star rating and features a loose silhouette, ideal for providing extra airflow to keep your workouts nice and cool. Not to mention, there's 16 different colors and prints to choose from. According to reviews, this top is especially ideal if you have a longer torso. During chilly days in the fall and winter, you'll need more than your usual workout tanks and tees when gearing up for outdoor exercise. Layer up with this quarter zip over your favorite sports bra or short tank top. It's got cozy fabric that'll help you stay warm without overheating and will stay in place better than a running jacket while pairing perfectly with fleece-lined leggings. Our analysts especially like the strategically placed, flattering flat seams and thumbholes, giving this top a sleek look and keeping everything in place. Seamless tops are designed to reduce chafing by limiting any friction and irritation during repetitive movements. This seamless pick is smooth and stretchy and has a racerback design for a good range of motion. It's also moisture-wicking and has mesh panels that make it ideal for sweaty activities. The brand says it's versatile for a variety of workouts, and we agree thanks to its comfy and close fit mixed with performance features. The inside of this pullover hoodie feels like the perfect base layer while the windbreaker-like exterior provides just enough protection from the elements. Our experts appreciate that it offers just the right amount of warmth and coverage for winter outdoor workouts, like running or skiing in moderate temperatures, so you can stay warm without overheating. The inner fabric has a brushed feel for extra coziness while the outer material helps block out the cold wind. The top also has a balance of stylish and functional features, from the convenient thumbholes to the sleek reflective details. This tank stands out for having the best size offering from XXS to 6XL. It's made using Girlfriend Collective's Reset fabric — an ultra-soft and stretchy alternative to the compressive staples it's known for — and reviewers rave about how lightweight and comfortable it feels during hot yoga and light exercise. Our analysts agree, with several praising the "super comfortable" feel of the fabric in our evaluations and recommend this style for low-impact workouts. The brand offers a trendy cropped version that pairs perfectly with the matching ReSet Jogger for a cute athleisure look that's perfect for lounging. Plus, you can re-recycle this top years down the road with GC's ReGirlfriend Program to reduce your carbon footprint. Finding the perfect top to pair with your favorite sports bra can be a hassle, but this top has a built-in bra with removable padding that makes choosing your workout clothes a breeze. Our analysts love the "chic and flattering" look of this cami with Seymour saying, "I tend to reach for this top when I want to wear just a sports bra and leggings, but want more coverage when out of the studio." She also praised the comfortable, light support and the versatile look, sometimes pairing it with jeans when she isn't working out. The number one best seller in Women's Activewear T-shirts on Amazon, this style comes at a fraction of the price of other picks but has all the essentials of a great workout top. Hanes is best known for their no-frills basics, and this shirt delivers quick-drying, moisture-wicking capabilities and UPF protection courtesy of their Cool Dri Performance fabric, making it a great contender for your next outdoor run or hike. Terez is known for its bright and fun prints, and users love this muscle tank because it adds a splash of color to their workouts with nine eye-catching options to choose from. Reviewers also rave about the top's softness and breathability, calling it a must-have for almost any exercise. Our experts love the fun look of the brand's products and were impressed by their above-average performance and durability in Lab tests. Stylish and trendy, this long-sleeve crop top ticks all the boxes for a supportive, sweat-wicking workout top that hits right around the midriff. Reviewers say that the fabric has great compression and love the fit of this top, especially the thumbholes that keep the sleeves in place. The fitted, compressive and wicking aspects make this top a good contender for high-intensity workouts like HIIT or CrossFit. Plus, you can always pair it with high-waisted leggings for an outfit that looks cute during your workout. Perfect for anyone who prefers a sleeveless top with full coverage and a relaxed design, this muscle tank features fabric that quickly wicks away sweat to keep you cool. It's from Champion, one of the top performing brands in our fitness apparel tests and is lightweight and breathable. This top has a longer length than most of our picks, which reviewers especially love wearing to gym workouts and long runs. On top of that, it's got a wide selection of colors to choose from, including neutrals and brighter shades, to match any outfit, but be aware, some reviewers found the lighter colors a little see-through. The Good Housekeeping Institute Textiles Lab is comprised of fiber scientists and material engineers, who have tested all kinds of fitness apparel and workout gear, from sports bras and workout leggings to sneakers and yoga mats. Our experts are constantly evaluating popular activewear brands and trying new products. To find the best workout tops available, our Lab analysts researched offerings from popular brands that excelled in our recent activewear test and used their categorical expertise to assess important aspects, such as design, construction, fabric and sizing. Our final recommendations include a variety of styles from brands we trust, with thoughtful design features, including some that are personal favorites and recommendations from our experts. With so many workout tops available, from long tanks and short tees to long-sleeve shirts and cropped options, finding the perfect one may seem overwhelming, especially if you're just starting to build your fitness regimen. If you're not sure where to start, here are a few things to consider to help you find the type of workout top you're searching for. ✔️ Type of Exercise: Different workouts have different needs. For high-impact workouts like running, look for tops with smooth, shiny fabrics that are designed to reduce chafing, and for low-impact activities like yoga, consider choosing a racerback tank with a matte fabric for a softer feel and less restrictive range of motion. ✔️ Material: Synthetic performance fibers like nylon and polyester are often preferred for activewear because of their excellent moisture-wicking properties and durability. While cotton is one of the most popular fibers across various apparel categories and offers great breathability, it's not ideal for athletic wear in most cases and has poor sweat-wicking abilities. ✔️ Environment: During especially cold or hot months, you'll need different tops for indoor and outdoor workouts, even if it's the same type of exercise, so consider whether you're looking for a more versatile option for year-round use (and add on layers in the winter) or if you only need to buy a new top for a time and weather-specific activity like skiing. ✔️ Overall fit: Our experts generally recommend more fitted tops over loose, flowy styles, but how a top fits ultimately depends on your personal preferences and intended activity. For all types of fitness — yoga, running, CrossFit, biking or following YouTube workouts in the comfort of your home — our textile and fitness experts recommend choosing well-fitting tops that are breathable and moisture-wicking to maximize performance. While looser tops offer great breathability and ventilation, they don't always move with your body during exercises that require a wider range of motion, like yoga or Pilates, and may roll over. But for certain workouts like walking or hiking, these factors are less important. When choosing fitness apparel, make sure to prioritize your personal preferences and comfort because after all, you're the one wearing it! Grace Wu (she/her) is a product reviews analyst at the Good Housekeeping Institute's Textiles, Paper and Apparel Lab, where she evaluates fabric-based products using specialized equipment and consumer tester data. Prior to starting at Good Housekeeping in 2022, she earned a master of engineering in materials science and engineering and a bachelor of science in fiber science from Cornell University. While earning her degrees, Grace worked in research laboratories for smart textiles and nanotechnology and held internships at Open Style Lab and Rent the Runway. 7 Best Smart Watches for Women. 9 Best Walking Shoes for Women. 8 Best Foldable Treadmills of 2023. 7 Best Snowboard Boots of 2023, Chosen by Experts. 8 Best Dumbbell Sets of 2023. The Best Food Tracker Apps. 8 Best Men's Walking Shoes for Every Terrain. 5 Best Silicone Rings of 2023. 9 Best Treadmills for Home 2023. 8 Best Ski Goggles of 2023. The Best Workout Leggings With Pockets. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Good Housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Content is created by CNN Underscored’s team of editors who work independently from the CNN newsroom. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. Learn more. This article is part of CNN Underscored’s “The Reset,” an editorial package featuring all of our articles aimed at giving you the information and product recommendations to help achieve any and all new year resolutions. The increasing popularity of stylish, trendy athletic wear has made über-comfortable clothing something that’s just as much for the gym as it is outside of it. But as with all clothing, it’s not just about looking good. You want to feel good, feel comfortable and feel confident — whether you’re working out or lounging around. “High-quality activewear can enhance your workout experience for a multitude of reasons,” shares Miriam Fried, a personal trainer based in New York City and the founder of MF Strong. “If your clothing is uncomfortable, doesn’t breathe well, is always falling down or in need of adjustment, it can distract you from your workout and make it less effective and enjoyable.” There’s also a confidence component to great activewear, shares Daniella Means, a professional powerlifter and vice president of the Hybrid Gym Group. “If you feel good, and think that you look good in your activewear, you’re more likely to perform with more confidence in your abilities.”. “Different modalities of exercise often can call for different attire,” Fried adds. “So it’s important to shop with your activity in mind.” Whether you’re a runner, yogi, lifter, cyclist or anything else, there’s a stylish and functional activewear brand out there just for you. That’s why we’ve chatted with industry pros — Olympic athletes, sought-after trainers and the most in-demand instructors on the brands they wear while they’re working and while they’re kicking back. So if you’re ready to upgrade your closet and kill those workouts in style, check out these 12 activewear brands that they (and we) absolutely love — from established ones to newer direct-to-consumer options. Alo Yoga was created in 2007 as an activewear brand specifically for yoga lovers, but it has since evolved into one beloved by everyone from the barre-obsessed and Pilates loyalists to celebrities as a street style option. And there’s a really good reason for that. The brand’s super-soft and comfortable activewear is probably the most luxurious-feeling gym clothing you’ll ever wear, and it was a favorite mentioned by a couple of the experts we spoke with. “Alo Yoga activewear is great quality, flattering and lasts a long time,” shares Emily Pareti, a yoga and aerial instructor based in New Jersey. In fact, Alo Yoga (and the brand’s leggings in particular) is her big splurge when it comes to all things activewear. The brand’s High-Waist Airlift Leggings are Pareti’s favorite leggings. They’re buttery and soft while still supportive, and the material truly feels like a second skin. Plus, the material is so sleek and flattering that dressing up these leggings with a cute crop top is a breeze. Rachel Primé, a yoga and barre instructor based in Boston, is partial to the brand’s High-Waist Solid Vapor Leggings. She notes that they’re more compressive than the comparable Lululemon Align Leggings, so she saves them “for high-impact workouts” or any time she wants “a bit more of a hug” from her leggings. Another option we wanted to call out: the High-Waist Airbrush Legging, arguably Alo Yoga’s most classic legging. Like many of Alo Yoga’s leggings, there are no side seams, and it’s made from the brand’s signature Airbrush fabric that features moisture-wicking antimicrobial technology. It’s the perfect option to take you from the gym to just about anywhere and has been spotted on celebrities like Gigi Hadid. When it comes to tops, Alo Yoga boasts some of the cutest styles that are equal parts appropriate for a class or hanging out with friends. The Wellness Bra is a perfect example of the brand’s versatility. It offers medium support that’s perfect for yoga or barre while also being a super-stylish take on the traditional sports bra. The trendy ribbed material and universally flattering cut are a big win in our books. The brand’s bestselling Cover Tank is the perfect everyday tank. It’s absurdly soft, the cropped length is just right and it’s absolutely cute enough to take you from yoga class to the café around the corner without skipping a beat. If you’re looking for brand recognition, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a piece of activewear more ubiquitous than Lululemon leggings. Popular with yogis, runners and influencers alike, athletic wear from Lululemon is super popular for its fashionable look and unbelievably soft materials. “Lululemon is my go-to,” shares Primé. “The brand’s Align High-Rise Pant has been my tried and true for years.” And Primé isn’t alone — the leggings pretty much have their own cult following (we named them the best workout leggings). “I have several pairs that have gone through dozens of workouts and washes and are still in incredible shape,” she shares. “I wear them to teach, exercise, lounge, travel — they’re so functional yet comfortable.” The Align Pant is part of Lululemon’s Align Collection, which features a range of minimally designed bottoms made from Lululemon’s buttery soft and lightweight Nulu material. Primé is a fan of the Align Jogger, which as she describes “offer a more relaxed fit with pockets” as well as the Align Short (From $58 at Lululemon), which she calls “perfect for the warmer seasons.” The shorts, like the joggers and the leggings, are available in multiple lengths so you can choose which style is best for your needs. When it comes to sports bras, Primé has a couple different Lululemon styles she wears on rotation, noting that the brand’s bras offer great support without digging in anywhere. “On their website, you can shop by size, activity and level of support,” she shares, which is helpful when it comes to finding the perfect option for your needs. One of the brand’s bestsellers is the Lululemon Align Reversible Bra, a versatile, perfect-for-yoga bra that’s reversible (two styles for the cost of one!) and made from the same Nulu material as the brand’s Align Pant. The other bestselling sports bra is the Like a Cloud Bra, a super-chic sports bra made for low-impact activity that’s comfortable enough to wear all day long. Athleta is one of the most beloved activewear brands on the market, particularly when it comes to high-performance yet super-chic pieces. “They provide high-quality, sustainable, versatile and stylish products for women and girls of all shapes and sizes,” shares Veronica Pome’e, a professional model and Athleta ambassador. Whether you’re looking for your next everyday legging (like the Salutation Stash Pocket II 7/8 Tight — our pick for best overall leggings — and the Salutation Stash Pocket II 5-Inch Short) or the perfect sports bra (we’re big fans of the Exhale Bra), the brand specializes in simple yet gorgeous pieces that work really well, whether you’re having a sweat sesh or just strutting around the city. Something else Pome’e loves about Athleta? “I feel like they really prioritize plus-size bodies through inclusive 1X through 3X sizing — something that other major fitness apparel brands don’t do well,” she shares. “When I shop in-store at Athleta, I don’t have to go to a separate section to find my size — all products that fit me are included on the same racks as the straight-size products, and I don’t feel limited to a smaller selection.” The brand frequently offers petite and tall styles as well. Pome’e’s fitness must-haves include the Elation Tight, a super-soft, high-waisted legging made from Athleta’s fan-fave, second-skin-like Powervita fabric, in addition to the Solace Bra which is made from that same Powervita fabric, and the Kinetic Waist Bag, a sleek, practical fanny pack perfect for gym runs or running errands. The Cabo Linen Jogger is a warm-weather staple that you’ll find yourself gravitating to all day, every day. Girlfriend Collective is a brand that prioritizes slow fashion — which means investing time and energy — to produce clothing that’s more ethical and easier on the planet. Take the Compressive High-Rise Legging, for example, Girlfriend’s signature legging that’s made from 25 recycled water bottles. And though many synthetic fabrics (like nylon and polyester) are made from plastic, Girlfriend chooses materials “that would otherwise clog landfills and threaten wildlife.” But you’re not sacrificing quality when you shop at Girlfriend. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. The brand is a favorite of Fried’s, who loves Girlfriend Collective for its high-quality activewear that’s cute and versatile enough for hanging out and running around the city. “Leggings tend to wear down quickly, so it’s worth spending the extra money on higher-quality fabrics that last,” shares Fried. Similarly, “sports bras also play a huge role in your workout experience as a woman,” she says, “so it’s always worth spending a little more on something supportive.”. The Compressive High-Rise Legging and Paloma Bra are some of the most inexpensive options on this list, which makes their super-high-quality feel that much more impressive. The Compressive High-Rise Leggings really do some incredible work when it comes to lifting your backside. They’re also extremely high-waisted, which is great if you don’t want to worry about pulling up your leggings during a workout. Both the leggings and the Paloma Bra are sweat-resistant and comfortable in warmer environments, though they’re not the most lightweight, which we actually prefer for everyday wear. The Paloma Bra is fairly long as well, so if you’re buying these two pieces together — which we highly recommend, since everyone will be asking where you got your adorable set — your whole stomach won’t be exposed. Another interesting element is the lack of visible branding; there are no loud logos on the back of the leggings, which many might find refreshing. The best part is the customization that’s available, both in terms of fit and style. The Paloma Bra and the Compressive High-Rise Legging are available from sizes XXS to 6XL, with the additional option of choosing from three inseam lengths on the leggings. When it comes to colors, there’s absolutely something for everyone. One of our favorite elements of Girlfriend’s better-for-the-planet philosophy is exemplified in the ReGirlfriend program, which encourages customers to send in old Compressive bras, leggings and shorts for a $15 store credit. Girlfriend then recycles the old materials into new ones, which helps close the loop on creating more waste. So maybe there isn’t too much harm in ordering a piece in every single color? Outdoor Voices is a brand that has completely embraced all things athleisure as a lifestyle. It stresses the idea of “freeing fitness from performance” and believes activity can be a part of anyone’s everyday life — and its activewear reflects that. “By living in New York City, I automatically live a more active lifestyle,” shares Pome’e. “Simply walking to the train to get to my workout or meeting up with friends is a workout on its own.” So she looks for products that transition easily from working out to hanging out. “You can jazz up any athleisure ‘fit with a pop of color and some accessories to transition from the gym to brunch, or whatever is on your agenda for the day.” One of our favorite pieces for doing just that? Outdoor Voices’ Exercise Dress, which we’ve written about in-depth before. In many ways, it exemplifies everything that Outdoor Voices has nailed as an activewear brand: It’s super versatile, great for activity that intertwines with your everyday life (like hiking, jogging, walking with friends or biking) and brings something playful, simple and unique to the activewear space. In true Outdoor Voices fashion, it’s not just about performance — it’s about comfortable, functional pieces that work with whatever your lifestyle is. In terms of more traditional workout gear, the brand’s head-turning Zoom 7/8 Leggings are perfect for sweaty, high-impact exercise. They’re super compressive, they’re sweat-wicking and they feature two deep phone pockets that will keep your essentials in place while you’re active. Another must-have product for runners? Outdoor Voices’ Hudson 2.5-Inch Short. They’re made from a lightweight, quick-drying fabric and sport a couple small pockets, built-in liner and a super-comfy knit waistband. We’re also big fans of the brand’s Doing Things Bra, a bestselling medium-impact bra with a unique mesh racerback design that makes for a super-comfortable and supportive fit. When it comes to sweatproof activewear for anyone who loves a good workout, Sweaty Betty is the winner in our book. The brand has been around for over 20 years now, and in that time it has absolutely nailed apparel that’s both ideal for the studio or gym and perfect for everyday wear. One of the brand’s fan-fave products is its Power Workout Leggings, which are available in over 40 different prints, patterns and colors, as well as in a cropped length, a 7/8 length and a high-waisted option. It’s obvious that people (us included) can’t get enough of these leggings. “I tend to go for darker or patterned activewear when I’m planning on getting sweaty,” shares Monza. “I’m proud of my hard work and in no way embarrassed of my sweat, but sweatproof activewear helps me feel confident while on the bike or while taking photos with my SoulCycle riders after class.”. These leggings are some of the most sweatproof and quick-drying on the market, plus there’s no shortage of super-fun patterns. They’re incredible for a whole range of workouts, ranging from more casual and low-impact to super-intense. And the fabric is super supportive, sculpting and flattering. Another huge plus is that these leggings sport multiple pockets — something even the pros love, and agree are worth investing a little more for. “When I go on long bike rides, I like the convenience of having a zipper back pocket to put my phone to keep my hands free,” says Monza. MPG Sport has perfected adorable, high-quality activewear and athleisure at a surprisingly affordable price point. The brand was founded in 2002 and has a unique focus on creating and investing in sustainable pieces — 80% of the brand’s most recent launch was certified sustainable, a label that takes into account the fabrics used, the design and manufacturing processes and the compliance of manufacturing partners. MPG Sport’s Valor Recycled Polyester Medium Support Bra is made from the same sustainably sourced fabric. The asymmetrical design is super on-trend while still practical, while the material’s Coolmax Technology helps to keep you dry and comfortable. If you pick up only one MPG Sport product, we have to suggest the brand’s leggings. And if you’re not sure where to start, MPG’s Ultimate Leggings Guide is a perfect place — though it’s tough to go wrong with any pair you choose. One of our favorites is the Prosper MPG Sleek High-Waisted Recycled 7/8 Legging, a high-compression, lightweight legging that feels like a second skin. Plus, it sports exterior side pockets. If you’re looking for a bike short, the Brisk MPG Sculpt High-Waisted Recycled Biker Short is made from a super-sculpting, high-support fabric that’s flattering and comfortable. The high-waisted style is perfect for the core coverage and support that you want during more sweaty and high-intensity activity. And like our other bottoms pick, it also features super-useful side pockets for all your essentials. Carbon38 both curates super-stylish activewear and creates its own line of products. When it comes to head-turning, high fashion-inspired pieces that will have the trendy women in your life in awe of a cropped sweater, Carbon38 is absolutely your destination. “I like to find athleisure wear that can be styled both down for the gym and up for social outings,” shares Fried. “I often meet friends and colleagues for coffee or dinner in between and after my workday, so I like to shop for activewear that’s versatile.”. The brand’s signature High-Rise 7/8 Legging sports a unique sleek and glossy finish. The material isn’t quite as dramatic as it looks in pictures on the site (so no worries if it looks a bit intimidating in the image) — it’s gorgeous but not totally liquidy. The material is compressive, and the large waistband is super comfortable. Again, this might not be the activewear you run a marathon in, but it’s perfect for meeting friends for lunch. And that’s what distinguishes Carbon38 to us as an activewear brand — it’s really a fashion brand that uses activewear as a way to incorporate comfy but trendy pieces into your everyday life. Pair the High-Rise 7/8 Legging with the Cami Bra for probably the most fashionable workout set we’ve ever seen, let alone tried on. If you’re all about sleek, minimal and super-stylish workout sets at an affordable price, look no further than Set Active. The brand was founded in 2017, and is making a mark on the crowded world of athleisure with its absolutely gorgeous monochrome sets — something that’s desirable both inside and outside of the gym. “I’m constantly going from a workout class to coffee with friends, and a cute matching set is versatile and can really do it all,” shares Monza, who suggests investing in a matching activewear set you can wear in various settings. “I love the monochromatic look in particular,” she notes. Primé agrees, calling fun matching sets one of her big “splurge items.”. Set Active’s focus is creating simple pieces that are perfectly cut, color-coordinated to be part of a matching set and also easily interchangeable so you can collect different styles and colors to mix and match together. In the vein of keeping things simple, the brand focuses on two main materials for its activewear sets — Sculptflex (a microfiber nylon and spandex blend) and Luxform (a polyester and spandex blend). The Sculptflex material is more compressive and body-hugging, with two of our favorites from the collection being the Sculptflex Leggings and the Sculptflex Body Crop. The leggings are perfectly high-waisted, slimming and seamless, while the top is super flattering, comfortable and versatile. And while they look adorable together, they also pair perfectly with other activewear or normal clothing — like jeans or a cute cropped sweater. Alternatively, the Luxform material is softer and super comfortable, a perfect complement to the Sculptflex fabric. While it’s also totally appropriate for low-impact exercise, it’s almost too soft to sweat in — if that’s a thing. Two of our favorite products from the collection include the Luxform Leggings and the Luxform Band Bra. All in all, if you’re looking for your next super-chic monochrome activewear set, it’s hard to beat the quality you get from Set Active at this mid-range price point. For when you’re in need of no-frills activewear that won’t break the bank (but still keeps you looking cute and feeling comfy), 90 Degree by Reflex is one of the most reliable brands on the market. Plus, it’s widely available at retailers like Nordstrom Rack and Amazon. The brand’s High-Waist Power Flex Leggings are a fan fave on Amazon, with a 4.5-star rating from over 15,000 reviews. They are truly do-it-all leggings for a fantastic price — completely squatproof and perfectly compressive while still soft and comfortable. They’ve been compared to other options on this list that are two to three times more expensive, and they totally do match up. Particularly if you work out often and don’t want to spend over $100 on one pair of leggings, we can’t recommend these enough. Other winners include the High-Waist High-Shine Faux-Leather Disco Leggings (a lookalike for the Spanx Faux-Leather Leggings), High-Waist Fleece-Lined Leggings (a cold-weather must-have) and the High-Waist Power Flex Biker Shorts (which feature a super-useful deep pocket). “I typically like to save when it comes to workout tops,” shares Fried. And while shirts and tanks aren’t typically the most fun components of activewear, they are staples that you’re sure to get a ton of use out of. The Power Flex Racerback Tank Top is a perfect examples of these activewear essentials. Monza prefers to save not on her activewear but on her loungewear. “I can’t justify spending as much money on sweatpants as I do on leggings,” she shares. Especially since she’s found that “inexpensive sweatpants can be superior to more expensive or on-trend brands.” Whether it’s a trendy tie-dye hoodie like the Brushed Knit Tie-Dye Cross-Neck Oversized Hoodie or everyday joggers like the Stone-Washed Joggers, we’re trying not to add all of the 90 Degree by Reflex loungewear to our shopping carts right now. Spanx started out with shapewear, but since its beginnings, the brand has expanded and now makes stellar leggings and activewear as well. Its Faux-Leather Leggings are immensely popular, and it’s easy to see why. We tried them out for ourselves and adore how stretchy, breathable and stylish they are. They have a high-waisted design and contoured waistband, and they’re center-seam-free — so whether you’re out running errands or doing some yoga at home, you’ll be comfortable and chic. If you’re looking for more traditional activewear, Spanx has got you covered there too. The brand offers sports bras, bike shorts, more leggings and even an exercise skort. The Get Moving Skort is another one of Spanx’s most popular items, equipped with a built-in liner that wicks away sweat and moisture. Plus, it even has pockets so you can keep your phone and keys nearby when you’re out working up a sweat. The brand also offers a wide range of sizes and inseams, including petite and tall fits, which is a huge bonus if you can never find a pair of leggings that fit just right. So if you want ultimate comfort and style during even your hardest workouts, look no further than Spanx’s collection of leggings, tops and other essentials. Free People’s activewear collection features a uniquely boho style that sets it apart from other brands. From the wide range of distinctive colors to stretchier, looser fabrics and cuts, the little details in the brand’s pieces make them a fun step up from your typical athleisure basics. The playful element of the brand’s aesthetic is apparent in its Good Karma collection, which includes the Good Karma Crop and High-Rise 7/8 Length Good Karma Leggings. Both pieces are available in a huge range of colors, from wardrobe-necessary neutrals to bolder, brighter options like neon yellow, tropical pink and a super-bright blue. They’re made from a combination of spandex and nylon, and as a result they’re incredibly stretchy and body-hugging — which is important since the pieces are available in only a couple sizes. While they held up well during our workout classes, we found ourselves turning to them outside of exercising as well. These pieces easily double as everyday clothing, and the wider waistband on the leggings lends a slightly more dressed-up look. When it comes to special little touches, the High-Rise 7/8 You’re a Peach Leggings absolutely won our hearts. To start, they’re the perfect leggings to work out in. They’re thick enough to be completely squatproof — no need to worry about your underwear showing through — and they’re made of the type of reliable material that you don’t have to worry about ripping. The 7/8 length is perfect even for those who are petite, and the ruched detail adds a fun touch. The leggings have a high waist that sits perfectly, and the real showstopper? The light-reflective accents that both keep you visible if you’re working out at night and accentuate your curves. And finally, the Hit the Slopes Fleece Jacket is a unique and stylish take on a typical fleece jacket. The button snaps are really high quality, and the multiple zippered pockets mean you never have to bring a bag or purse to the gym again. Note: The prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. Receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. © 2023 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.

Finding the best men’s running shoes for your needs can be a challenge. There are hundreds of great running shoes to choose from, and sifting through all of them is a never-ending process. At Fleet Feet, we’re constantly searching for the best running shoes for men and all runners, including ourselves. We research, test and write about as many men’s sneakers as we can to assess how well they hold up to their intended purpose: to deliver a comfortable running experience. There are sometimes also differences between men's shoes and the best running shoes for women of the same model. If shoe designers created models for each gender, we outline how each shoe is different. After putting many shoes through their paces, we think these are the best men’s running shoes for (almost) every type of run:. Got more questions? Check out these FAQs. [This article is part of the Fleet Feet Buyer's Guide for The Best Running Shoes 2023. Find all the best running shoes from the top brands for all situations.]. Comfort is paramount when you're ramping up your miles, and the men's Brooks Ghost 15 offers plenty of it, making it one of the best men's running shoes around. The Brooks Ghost is comfortable all around. Brooks built the Ghost 15 with a soft and smooth engineered mesh upper. The mesh comes with a hint of stretch to mold around the curves of your foot, a new 3D Fit Print provides more structure, and it's roomy enough to accommodate a range of different foot shapes. It also comes in wide sizing for runners who need it. Designers made another big change to the Ghost 15 this year: DNA Loft v2 foam. DNA Loft v2 is lighter and softer to give you the best run possible. Plus, it extends all the way into the forefoot to create a soft, smooth transition from heel to toe. The newest Ghost remains an all-around performer that brings an ideal combination of comfort, cushion, weight and price. Read more in our Brooks Ghost 15 review. The running shoes you use for your everyday training have to strike the right balance of cushion and weight. The men’s New Balance Fresh Foam 880 v13 nails that balance. The 880 has long been a favorite for its comfortable fit and cushion, and the thirteenth version is no exception. New Balance designed the midsole with a dual-layer set-up: a softer-than-ever heel that transitions to a denser EVA foam in the forefoot for propulsive take-offs. The plush upper uses a stretchy double jacquard mesh that has strategically placed zones for support and ventilation. Our testers loved the dependability that the 880 brings year after year in our New Balance 880 v13 review. It is a classic everyday training shoe disguised as something you could wear out to the brewery with friends. HOKA is known for building some of the best-cushioned running shoes on the planet and the men's Bondi 8 is a max-cushioned game-changer. Designers packed the men's Bondi 8 full of HOKA’s brand new ultralight foam for cushioning that won't ever bottom out. HOKA built the shoe on a 33 mm/29 mm (heel/toe) stack height that absorbs impact as you pound the pavement. The Bondi 8’s billowed silhouette highlights its brand-new extended heel geometry that forgives hard landings and encourages a stable and balanced ride. The cushy midsole provides a soft, smooth ride and buttery transitions from heel to toe, which makes the Bondi one of the best men's walking shoes. Plus, it's a great choice for anyone who spends long days on their feet at work, like nurses and doctors. When you prioritize comfort above all else, lace up the HOKA Bondi 8 for one of the most-cushioned running experiences you'll find. Read more in our HOKA Bondi 8 review. Few running shoes put together the same combination of weight, cushion and speed as the Saucony Kinvara 14. The men’s Kinvara 14 is a featherlight running shoe that packs enough cushion to blur the line between racing flat and everyday trainer. Saucony packed even more of its responsive PWRRUN cushioning into the midsole, while their mesh upper allows for plenty of breathability. The latest version now weighs even less, making the Saucony Kinvara 14 a fast and flexible running shoe, perfect for daily training or picking up the pace. Our reviewers said this shoe shines at faster paces and tempo workouts in our Saucony Kinvara 14 review. The updated Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 39 is a lightweight and nimble everyday running shoe perfect for men putting in daily miles or training for a race. You want to be confident in your shoe when you lace up for your run. That’s why beginners and experienced runners alike love the reliability you get from the Nike Pegasus 39’s balanced ride and comfortable fit. Nike React foam in the midsole gives you a bouncy and energetic feel, while two Zoom Air units in the forefoot add an extra pop to your toe-off. Plus, thanks to the grooves on the waffle-inspired outsole, the Nike Pegasus 39 has a natural running motion and excellent traction to keep you confident running year-round. Few shoes offer more versatility than the Nike Pegasus, which is why it is consistently one of the best running shoes on our list. Its lightweight cushioning and a dialed-in fit make the men’s Pegasus 39 an ideal choice as your go-to daily trainer. The Wave Rider 26 provides propulsive energy and supportive cushioning thanks to Mizuno Enerzy foam in the midsole. The Enerzy foam is lightweight and cushioned but also bouncier than previous foams, which makes this latest iteration of the Wave Rider feel more energetic. The Wave Rider 26 features a bio-based Wave plate to disperse impact and promote smooth transitions as you run. The jacquard mesh provides a lightweight, breathable upper that hugs your foot in all of the right places. With a refreshed midsole and roomy fit, the Mizuno Wave Rider 26 is one of the best running shoes for men. Read more in our Mizuno Wave Rider 26 review. The On Cloudgo is one of the best running shoes for men because it does everything you ask of it. The Cloudgo gets its versatility from a responsive Helion foam midsole paired with On's signature Speedboard. The combo delivers a snappy, responsive ride for use on the road or in the gym. On’s unique CloudTec® technology absorbs the impact from running and gives you multidirectional support to keep you moving forward. The engineered mesh upper is breathable and wraps around your foot comfortably. One reviewer in our On Cloudgo review said “The Cloudgo has a soft, welcoming step-in feel. I particularly like the padded heel collar. It feels like it melts around my heel and ankle to provide comfort right off the bat.”. But it's not just performance with the Cloudgo: On's sleek, minimalist style gives you an athletic look before, during and after your pub run. The Escalante may be one of the most versatile men’s running shoes on this list. Our wide-footed friends and lightweight shoe lovers rave about the Altra Escalante 3 for its FootShaped toe-box and low-cushion profile. Altra’s zero-drop midsole keeps the cushion balanced from heel to toe and encourages a low-impact foot strike. This keeps you light on your feet and supports your natural stride. The Escalante is as comfortable for runs as it is for all-day wear thanks to a soft, stretchy upper and a lightweight, padded tongue that feels like a slipper and helps prevent blisters. Great for mixed distance running depending on the person, Altra uses their Ego midsole foam for an energetic ride that’s soft enough to keep you comfortable on longer runs. With a lower stack height, new shape and responsive cushioning, the Escalante can crush home workouts and cross-training, as well. The new Karhu Ikoni 2021 isn't just one of the best men’s running shoes, it's one of the best running shoes out today thanks to its generous fit and effortless ride. The design was shaped by millions of 3D foot scans captured during Fleet Feet’s fit id® giving it an accommodating fit for a wide variety of foot shapes. The Ikoni also uses an asymmetrical lacing system and Ortix footbed that accounts for the unique shape of each foot and gives a feeling of light arch support. A bed of lightweight Aerofoam feels super plush and responsive and is supported by a half-length Fulcrum rocker in the midfoot. This combination helps to propel the foot through its heel-to-toe transition and makes runs and walks feel effortless with each step. In our review, testers loved how lightweight and cushioned the Ikoni 2021 is, and we think you will too. The newest Ikoni is an excellent choice for men looking for a smooth and stabilized ride out on their runs or walks. The ASICS GEL-Nimbus 25 is a great update to a classic running shoe. ASICS designers refreshed the Nimbus to have an even softer landing by increasing the stack height with more of their FF BLAST PLUS ECO midsole material. This is combined with ASICS' brand-new Pure-GEL unit to soak up even more impact, which helps create easy landings and buttery-smooth transitions. A new, stretch knit upper wraps around your foot to round out the plush experience. Whether you are going for a long run or walking the dog, the GEL-Nimbus 25 is sure to delight. Read more in our ASICS Gel-Nimbus 25 review. It’s impossible to say definitively that these are the best men’s running shoes for all male runners. There are so many factors to consider when picking the right men’s running sneakers for yourself—not to mention personal preferences—that we can’t say which men’s shoes will be the best for you. Instead, we chose the trainers that we think will work for most men, most of the time. For more personalized recommendations, visit a Fleet Feet location for a one-on-one expert fitting through our fit id® outfitting process. A Fleet Feet expert will walk you through the 3D scanning process to precisely measure your feet, and then they will talk with you about your current training and future goals. At the end, you’ll have personalized recommendations for men’s running shoes that are tailored to your size and needs. We used data from our fit id® outfitting process, interviews with designers and real-life wear testing to determine the best men’s running shoes for most runs and the most runners. You can shop with confidence at Fleet Feet: We offer free shipping on all orders over $99, and you have 60 days to return any gear if you don’t like the way it looks, fits or feels. Plus, with our price-match guarantee, you can make sure you never pay too much for a new pair of running shoes. Get deals, events, and more. Get involved on social media. Fleet Feet has over 250 locations nationwide! Website Accessibility Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use 
Do Not Sell My Info


                    © 2023 Fleet Feet. All Rights Reserved.
                

Site by NMC.

You've got the work-out plan. Now, you just need the footwear. The best men's running shoes of 2023 are the ones that protect you while propelling you to greater heights. They can handle all kinds of weather and terrain. They need to look good too. That’s where we come in. We've rounded up the best men's running trainers on the market, from Nike to Adidas to New Balance, to ensure that you're supported on your journey. But how do you pick the right one? By following out guide, of course. Ready, set, go. A lot of different factors go into buying the right running shoe, and top tier trainers don’t come cheap, so it’s worth putting in the research. First of all, what surface are you predominantly running on? Muddy, rocky trail running calls for (surprise surprise) trail running shoes, with the kind of tread that can perform on and protect from uneven ground. Road running, on the other hand, necessitates more comfort and bounce, to keep you puffing away for longer. But if you do a bit of both, then you should opt for a hybrid trainer that can, well… do a bit of both. Then there’s gait, which is important for long-term runners. We can’t help you there. If you want to drill into the more personalised aspects of your running style – pronation type, inefficiencies, heel striking etc – you should go to a place that specialises in such matters. Asics offers a video gait analysis in-store, as do a number of other running brands. There are different kinds of lightweight running shoes, and understanding them is the key to buying right. The majority of the entries on this list are cushioned trainers – or neutral shoes – for regular runners geared towards different levels of ability. They’re plush and offer support, without being too rigid. Racing flats with spikes are meant for experienced runners undertaking speed work and racing around tracks, whereas normal lightweight road shoes cut fatigue and generally prioritise comfort and shock absorption (that is, if you invest in a proper, premium pair). Stability shoes offer arch and ankle support, as well as midsole cushioning, to avoid overpronation (when the foot rolls inward upon landing, something you might discover during a gait analysis.) If you find that you do pronate to an excess, motion control shoes offer a firm fit that controls movement. You’ve got to be careful out there. The world is a treacherous place, riddled with potholes, slippery puddles and potential pratfalls. The least you can do is invest in a pair of Gore-Tex running trainers that give you the kind of grip and stability you need on tricky terrain, and the React Pegasus Trail 4s are up there with the very best. Waterproof, lightweight and remarkably responsive, they’re not exactly cheap, but they’re truly built to last. What’s more, they’re not as chunky or garish as many other top-tier trail shoes, and can easily make the transition to gym use. We’re fans of the black and silver model, but the very nice multicoloured options are currently on sale. Nike React Pegasus Trail 4 GORE-TEX, £144.95, nike.co.uk. A brand that emerged from Montreal, Canada in early 2020, Norda’s mission statement is to nail the perfect combination of “fit, cushion, grip, weight, breathability and material innovation”. Every pair of Norda’s chunky trail shoes are cut by lasers and stitched by hand, and the founders aim to limit the brand’s carbon footprint in all they do. These super light 001 Mesh sneakers are the result of years of research and development, trial and error; a pair of shoes that offer protection in slippery conditions and a smooth, responsive ride. Norda 001, £220, mrporter.com. A road runner with the kind of cushioning you'd usually need to invest in a memory foam mattress and several deep-pile woolen blankets to experience? Surely not. And yet the ZoomX Invincible Run Flyknit 2 manages it. Some cosmetic tweaks to the upper aside it's basically the same animal as the original shoe it's based on, though with added stability to help you through any tight corners. The gigantic, pillowy sole is stabilised by its rocker shape and outsized heel clip, which should keep you on the straight and narrow. That sole isn't just about taking the pain for your knees, either. It's made of the same material you'll find in the elite tier Vaporfly and Alphafly running shoes, and returns about 85 percent of the energy you power down into it. Nike ZoomX Invincible Run Flyknit 2, £117.97 nike.com. Comfort and support are the watchwords with the Vongo, with extra foam in the tongue and ankle and laces which connect to the embroidered 'N' on the side of the shoe to really hoik your foot in snugly. If you're someone who rolls their foot inwards as they land – that's overpronation, in jogging jargon – then these are a very sensible option to save your ankles, knees and hips undue stress. There's a raised arch on the midsole to make sure nothing rolls the way it oughtn't, and overall there's a sound balance between comfort and springiness. New Balance Fresh Foam X Vongo v5, £160 johnlewis.com. We’ve shouted out the Air Zoom Pegasus 39 elsewhere on this list, and we do really like them. But we love a good deal even more than we love Air Zoominess. Lightweight, ready for whatever conditions you’re running in all year round and extremely handsome, the Pegasus is the kind of workhorse it’s always good to have in the stable. Nike Pegasus 39, £65.97 nike.com. Sometimes, another trudge around the same block won’t do. Sometimes, you want to strike out across hill and vale, up fell and down dale. And for that, you need a serious trail runner. That’s the Terrex 2. The Primeknit fit is super-comfortable to help you extend your range while you’re out there – nothing worse than trying to run through a blister when you’re halfway up Helvellyn – and the all-conditions grip of the Continental’s rubber outsole is ready for anything you can chuck at it. Adidas Terrex 2, £112, adidas.com. This is the third incarnation of the SL shoe, a good, well-balanced all rounder which prizes lightness and energy return in its design. There’s a real snap to your push-off thanks to the specially shaped sole and inner which keeps your foot wedged in place. And speaking of design, it’s also made with recycled materials. Adidas SL 20 3, £79.99, decathlon.co.uk. Packing both the comfort of a road shoe, the sturdiness of something designed for long runs and the light pick-up and responsiveness you'd be after in a proper racing shoe, there isn't much the Hoka Mach 5 can't do. Hoka tend to turn out very comfy shoes, but even by their standards this one is practically like sticking your foot into a particularly supportive and speedy chaise longue. This rather Refresher-ish orange-yellow fade colourway is our pick. Hoka Mach 5, £130 hoka.com. It's getting ever soggier out there, as anyone who's attempted to run on anything less firm than concrete in the last few weeks will be aware. Whether you're a committed fell runner or just fancy being able to go up a very minor incline at the next park run without sliding slowly back down, a decent pair of trail shoes is essential. The secret to the excellent grip you'll get with the VJ Spark isn't super-long, super-short lugs – it's the flexibility in the outer sole. These are shoes for tackling the muddy, the marshy, the boggy and the treacherous rather than being primed for comfort, but then if you were interested in comfort you'd not be knee deep in mud anyway, would you? VJ Spark, £147 amazon.co.uk. If you're after a solid pair of trainers with which to make your first, tentative boings into jogging, the Winflo 8 is a very sound choice. Granted, dropping the thick end of 90 quid on your first pair of runners might feel like quite a high risk kind of a sound choice. But look closer. A well cushioned sole and a breathable, translucent mesh upper keeps things both super comfortable and super stable, and the Flywires under the laces make sure the fit is snug. Think of it as a high grade water-carrier, the N'Golo Kanté making the rest of the team tick. Nike Winflo 8, £89.95 nike.com. The ZoomX Streakfly is geared toward blasting you along shorter distances, so if you're trying to knock some time off your 10k time then look no further. It's Nike's lightest shoe, with a super-slim profile and extra cushioning in the forefoot to help you ping yourself toward another PB. Handily, the laces are offset too, so there's less pressure going through the top of your foot with each stride. Nike reckons the design is so sleek it "disappears on your foot," which feels like a better idea when it's not chucking it down and you're pounding through sludge on a dark Tuesday morning, but you can appreciate the sentiment. Nike ZoomX Streakfly, £134.95 nike.com. The Gel-Kayano 29 from ASICS pulls off the masterstroke of feeling luxuriously supportive and cushioned without being bulky – particularly around the impressively springy heel – so that it provides comfort and stability on short and long runs alike. It’s actually 4 per cent lighter than its predecessor, the Gel-Kayano 28, and the design is eye-catching without being showy. You can set out knowing that your feet are, as it were, in safe hands. Asics Gel-Kayano 29, £165, asics.com. The pivot toward environmentally friendly everything has given longstanding Brooks favourite the Ghost a new lease of life: from the dyes in the tongue to the recycled materials which make up a chunk of the upper, this bestseller has its sights on green cred. (Brooks are also switching up the sustainability of their supply chain and doing more recycling of old shoes which might have ended up chucked in a big skip.) The ride is in the sweet spot of firmness and comfort, and brings a responsiveness despite losing Brooks’ BioMoGo DNA segment in the midsole. It comes in roughly a million colours too. Brooks Ghost 14, £130, brooksrunning.com. If you’re after something for a short blast around the block before work, or you’re just starting out and don’t feel quite ready for a half marathon yet, the Pureboost 22 is designed with you in mind. The Adidas Boost in the sole boings extra energy back into your foot as you push off, and the stretchy upper (made of 50% recycled material) is all about maximum comfort. And if you go for the extremely goth and extremely off-duty-ready all-black colourway, you’ll be ready to bounce straight from your jog to the pub. Ideal. Adidas Pureboost 22, £110, adidas.co.uk. Unless you fancy a wallet-sapping trip to Sotheby’s, you’d be hard-pressed finding a pair of Nike Obori Boston 73 running trainers. One of the first pairs produced by the company – and the first to feature the fat belly Swoosh logo – they deputed at the 1972 Olympic Trials and went on to become one of history’s most iconic sneaker silhouettes. Nike has paid tribute to the blue and white design regularly over the years, and the latest ode comes in the form of the robust Air Zoom Tempo NEXT% Flyknit, a highly cushioned everyday running shoe that you can always depend on. Nike Air Zoom Tempo NEXT% Flyknit, £179.95, nike.com. The Asics Novablast silhouette has come a long way. A comfy, go-faster shoe that feels incredibly light on the foot, the third iteration weighs 22 grams less than its predecessor and packs even more bounce, thanks to its trampoline pod outsole. From a design point of view they’re not a big departure from the Novablast 2 by any means, but given it’s always been one of the best-looking silhouettes on the running market was there any need for change? From the chunky ridged sole to recycled upper, they look and feel the part. Asics Novablast 3, £135, asics.com. We’ve been fans of APL – AKA Athletic Propulsion Labs – for a long time now. Since it launched in 2009, the Los Angeles outfit has been synonymous with premium running gear with clean aesthetics (they’re also the first shoe that’s been proven to make you jump higher). But while APL generally likes to keep shoe designs simple, that doesn’t mean the brand is afraid to mix things up. Case in point: the Zipline TechLoom, complete with ‘laser red’ lines around the upper that provide support while allowing for the kind of flexibility you need on longer runs. They’re light, bouncy and fit well, thanks to the cushioning effect of the internal ‘souffle’ sockliner. APL TechLoom Zipline, £385, mrporter.com. A shoe that looks and feels far more expensive than it actually is, the Air Zoom Rival Fly 3 is a very good option for casual runners who don’t want to invest too heavily. What they lack in premium running technology, they more than makes up for in fit, comfort and weight ­– the Fly 3 is one of the lightest trainers on Nike’s roster, and the carbon plate on the midsole, coupled with the React foam, means they’re ready to handle intense workouts as well as speed work. This summer-ready colourway is our favourite so far. Nike Air Zoom Rival Fly 3, £89.95, nike.com. A little bit Rick Owens-y, a little bit primary school PE plimsolls, these minimalist monochromes from Athletic Propulsion Labs (APL) – a design-led running brand from Los Angeles that we’ve been big fans of for some time – stand out from the often gaudy, retro-crazed crowd. Super light and lace-less, relying on snug elasticated straps to keep your foot in place, they run small as a result, and the resilient Techloom fabric will ensure that the fit stays that way. What’s more, they’re surprisingly cushioned given the lack of depth on the midsole, and the traction is top tier. TechLoom Bliss Slip-On Running Sneakers, £180, mrporter.com. We’ve praised Nike’s Pegasus range a lot over the years. They’re affordable, comfortable and durable – everything a casual runner needs in a shoe. The 39th iteration comes with an improved fit and weighs in at even less than its predecessor, with a Zoom Air unit (cushioning system) that now covers the heel as well as the forefoot. It’s slightly bigger than some of the other similarly-priced options on this list, but still a great choice. Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 39, £109.95, sportsshoes.com. The Best Watches Under £200. The Best Massage Guns for 2023. Backpacks That You Can Wear Like A Grown-Up. The Smartest Gadgets a Man Can Buy in 2023. The Best Anti-Aging Creams for a Skin Overhaul. The Best Chelsea Boots a Man Can Buy in 2023. The Moisturisers to Save Any Skin Type. 24 of the Best Gins to Drink in 2023. Spring Calls for a Black Denim Jacket. Why You Should Rediscover Wired Headphones. Every Product Your Hair Needs Right Now. ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK. Every product was carefully curated by an Esquire editor. We may earn a commission from these links. ©Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. Why Trust Us? These are the top-performing racers and trainers most loved by the guys on our test team. Editor’s Note: We reviewed these shoe selections on March 24, 2023 and updated our recommendations to reflect our most recent round of testing. In addition, we have replaced any pairs that are out of stock or no longer available. We’re constantly testing the latest running shoes in our lab and on the feet of our 275-runner-strong wear-test team. About half of those runners are men—and most importantly, they’re an extremely diverse group of guys. Some are seriously speedy dudes hitting sky-high mileage and knocking on the door of the Olympic Trials; others are just getting into running or coming back from injury. We have runners of all shapes, sizes, ages, abilities, and backgrounds—from full-time English teachers and new dads to night-shift nurses and grandfathers. The one thing they’ve all got in common is that they’re passionate about running, and log at least 25 miles per week in their test shoes. Chances are, there’s a shoe here that you’ll love as much as they do, and you can scroll deeper for a variety of shoes that cater to different preferences for stability and cushioning. In terms of running shoe design, stability refers to a shoe’s ability to support good running form. Typically, that means an optimal level of pronation (more on that here). If you’re an overpronator—your feet roll inward excessively—and prefer stability, these shoes have features to help counter that movement. These include firmer foams in key areas of the midsole, like a medial post, or additional material on the edge of the sole to prevent the foot from twisting, like the GuideRails on Brooks’s Adrenaline GTS. If you don’t overpronate, you’ll likely prefer a “neutral” shoe, which doesn’t have extra support features and won’t interfere with your stride. This is an area where opinions vary widely. Runners who focus on speed may prefer a firmer shoe that gives them a good feel for the ground. Others like something plush that absorbs impact forces. In the past, you usually had to sacrifice some cushioning in order to find a shoe that felt lightweight enough to help shave fractions of a second off your finish time. Thanks to newer foam technology, that’s no longer the case. The Skechers GOrun MaxRoad 5, one of the most cushioned shoes we’ve tested, tips the scale at only 8.7 ounces for a men’s size 9. That’s important for longer runs, because the extra cushioning can reduce aches in tired feet and joints. To select these shoes, we consulted Runner-in-Chief Jeff Dengate for his recommendations on the top running shoes for men, and we also relied on feedback from hundreds of male runners on our wear-test team. After putting countless pairs through the wringer and evaluating the data, we’ve rounded up some of the standouts that have received especially high marks and praise from our male testers. (For an even deeper breakdown of our rigorous testing process, check out how we evaluate shoes.) Seeking tips to get the best fit and price? We’ve got you covered there, too, on how to choose your next favorite pair. Shop the best men’s running shoe deals on Amazon. A cushioned road shoe that feels as light and explosive as a race shoe—but still sturdy enough for long training runs—the new Mach 5 replaces its predecessor as perhaps our favorite Hoka ever. To build this versatile trainer, Hoka kept speedy design features from the brand’s race-oriented Carbon X and Rocket X (like propulsive energy return and a sportier, more streamlined upper that hugs your foot) while forgoing the carbon plate. But the big news for v5 is an upgrade to the brand’s usual generous cushioning. The shoe now uses a tweaked formulation of Profly+ midsole foam, which provides plenty of zoom and bounce. The early-stage Meta-Rocker (a curved sole shape) hasn’t changed; it still rolls you through heel-to-toe transitions quickly. Some of us missed the Mach 4’s oversized heel tab that made it easy to get your feet in and out, but the omission helped the 5 drop nearly a half ounce in weight. Overall, it’s a shoe that excels at everything from interval track workouts to weekend long runs and recovery jogs. “When I think of a luxury, cushioned shoe, I go back to my standard bellwether like an Asics Nimbus or Brooks Glycerin, two of my favorite shoes. But they don’t compare to the GlideRide 3. It’s just an absolute joy to run in,” said one tester, who runs 50Ks and 10-hour backyard-style challenges. So, what puts the GlideRide in a class of its own? Much of it is Asics’s “GuideSole” design, a combination of two soft foams and a super-aggressive rocker shape. Inside is a TPU plate that curves the toe upward like a ski slope. That geometry is the same on the GlideRide 2, but both of the foams used are softer (the material closest to your foot is now bouncy FlyteFoam Blast+), and the plate is more flexible. The purpose of GuideSole is to reduce ankle motion, which has been shown to help some runners stride more efficiently and expend less energy as a result. According to our testers, it works—but it can take a few runs to adjust to the feeling. For a more traditional ride, we recommend the Gel-Cumulus 24 below. A decade ago, the Cumulus checked in at more than 12 ounces for a men’s 9. This lighter version is more lively and fun but still delivers that protective, everyday trainer feeling we’ve always loved. The Cumulus 24’s heel-to-toe drop has been lowered to 8mm (it was 10mm). Asics says it made the change to give the shoe a smoother ride. In our wear-testing, we can’t definitively credit the drop for the shoe’s performance without separating out the other updates—a thicker midsole, new foam, and a change to the geometry of the sole. Testers unanimously praised the shoe’s midsole for its bouncy, cushioned ride that delivers all the protection they need for long runs but doesn’t feel too soft. “This is kind of my ideal cushioning, focusing on quality over quantity,” said one former collegiate runner who tested the Cumulus. “I like a softer shoe, but have found if there is too much cushion it can cause my shins and arches to hurt, especially over long miles. This one wasn’t an issue for me. In fact, it has been my go-to shoe lately and I find myself pulling it out for runs and walks around the neighborhood.”. One of the fastest shoes you can buy, the Nike ZoomX Vaporfly Next% 2 is equipped with responsive ZoomX foam and a carbon-fiber plate. This high-tech combination allows elite marathoners to race under a five-minute pace, but it’s not just for the pros. Even at slower speeds, the shoe still feels exceptionally propulsive and energetic, making every stride a little more efficient and less taxing. The Vaporweave upper has also been updated to a flexible mesh that stays comfortable late in a race. That being said, the comfort and durability of this shoe also make it great for speedy short distances, whether you’re racing or not. Overall, it just might be the speediest and bounciest shoes we’ve tested yet. For running performance and style for under $100, it’s tough to beat the newest Winflo—despite the upgraded midsole and redesigned upper, the price hasn’t budged. For v9, Nike tweaked the formula of the shoe’s Cushlon foam. It’s still not responsive as the brand’s more premium ZoomX or React, but testers noted a softer ride when compared to the Winflo’s previous versions. Plus, a larger Air unit now spans the full length of the shoe for a smoother transition from heel to forefoot. “The cushioning is not exceptionally bouncy, but it has a perfect balance of lightness and shock absorption. Side by side with my favorite Hokas, it’s a draw,” said one tester, who reports having a strong heel strike. “Fit and comfort is where this shoe scores its top rating from me. My wide foot found no pressure points, there was plenty of toebox space, and the smooth collar padding held my ankle securely.”. Last year, New Balance gave the 880’s midsole a substantial, carefully-considered update. Its new dual-density construction overlapped a softer portion of Fresh Foam in the heel with a firmer, denser layer of EVA-based material beneath the midfoot that carried you through toe-off. The result was a ride that comfortably soaked up shock for heel strikers—the vast majority of runners—while keeping turnover smooth and peppy. That much is unchanged for the v13. For this update, New Balance focused on the upper, swapping in engineered mesh with a snugger fit to lockdown the foot noticeably better than its predecessor. (Testers told us this version does feel narrower. But, it’s available in several widths to accommodate a variety of foot shapes.). “The 880 still takes the prize for being my favorite line of shoes,” one tester said. The generous blown rubber outsole handles high-volume marathon training well—especially if the bulk of your runs are on slick roads and sidewalks. It’s not the lightest shoe, but it’s nimble enough to keep you cruising without clunkiness through double-digit mileage. And if you regularly bounce from your daily run to long hours on your feet, this is a great candidate that can keep up for both. (For those needing less support but a bit more speed and pep, we recommend the new FuelCell Rebel v3.). We loved the Razor 3 and gave it awards. Skechers knew it was on to something great because it left the shoe largely untouched for four years. That’s unheard of in an industry that tweaks the recipe annually. The Razor 4, though, is almost an entirely new beast. And you can feel that on foot and underfoot. The new TPU-based Hyper Burst Pro midsole is heavier, but it’s also bouncier and more durable. It delivers consistent cushioning all the way to the end of your long run and is resistant to temperature—it won’t get harder on a cold day. Also new to the Razor is a carbon-infused forefoot plate in the H-shaped construction that Skechers has been using. Rather than a full-length single layer of carbon fiber like you see on typical plated shoes, Skechers uses thin pieces on the edge with a band that extends across the forefoot of the midsole. The shoe is still quite flexible, far more so than plated shoes, but that extra component helps the forefoot to feel just a little snappier than you’d feel from TPU foam alone. Hoka gave the Challenger ATR 6’s outsole a massive overhaul. The shoe’s seventh version is now more capable on both roads and trails. A combination of angular and squarish lugs grip uneven and chunky terrain, while more exposed triangles of foam and tiny, tight squares near the center roll the shoe smoothly along pavement. Wide spaces between the 4mm lugs also help sluice water and shed mud more quickly. The material itself is also now a tough, slightly sticky rubber. Testers found that the design kept trail gunk from clogging the tread, making the roads home from the trailhead feel light and easy. “I was skeptical that it would actually do well on multiple surfaces, but it passed the test. In the running for my new favorite pair. These shoes were grippy enough for trails but didn’t feel awkward on roads. I even used them for speed intervals on the treadmill,” one tester said. “The lugs could be more aggressive for really rocky and challenging technical trails, but then I suspect they would be uncomfortable on roads. Overall, I feel like the traction is the perfect compromise.”. Saucony wanted the Kinvara 14 to be more of a “do-it-all” shoe that could run the gamut as a lightweight daily trainer and even a budget racer. For that reason, the brand added 3mm of cushioning, giving the midsole a similar setup to its hallmark neutral daily trainer (the Ride). But Saucony also lightened this version for the start line by borrowing the same airy, fishnet-like mesh from its top-tier speedy model (the Endorphin Pro 3). “This shoe is very well-balanced for an everyday comfortable ride that can still respond if you want to drop those last miles of your long run with a little bit of extra spice,” said one tester. “The work is on you to keep this shoe upright and get your foot on the ground in an efficient way. If you need extra support and guidance, look elsewhere.”. Since both shoes use Pwrrun foam and a Pwrrun+ sockliner, it’s not surprising that the Kinvara 14 feels like a stripped-down version of the Ride 16. The experience is nimbler and firmer underfoot—one that’s fun because it’s lean and fast and snappy, not bouncy and squishy-soft. While most of the fastest runners will still reach for pricier racers with carbon fiber, like the Endorphin Pro and Nike Alphafly Next%, the Endorphin Speed is a suitable racing option for most of us. It’s still stiff—though the winged nylon plate is far more flexible than carbon fiber—and snappy, and the cushioning works well for short, fast races all the way up to the marathon distance. Where the Speed shines, however, is in everyday training. For tempo runs and interval sessions, it delivers all the hustle you need for your workout, while saving you some cash versus those more expensive race-day models. The most notable changes from the shoe’s second version are all good ones. The ride is bouncier, softer, and stabler (due to a new plate shape, wider platform, tweaked Pwrrun PB formulation, and more midsole foam overall). And, Saucony swapped in a stretchier mesh upper; our wide-footed testers said the fit around the toebox now feels more accommodating. Some runners don’t want to experience that sinking feeling you get from thick, soft foam. They want the shoe to let their foot react the moment the sole strikes the pavement. If that’s you, reach for the Pacer. This shoe delivers a snappy performance, but feels considerably softer than thin racing flats. That’s due, in part, to what New Balance calls “Energy Arc.” They’ve placed a carbon-fiber plate that’s curved like an arch between two layers of compression-molded EVA foam. But the bottom layer has been hollowed out, so there’s a void that the plate sinks into, boosting the cushioning power from the thin sole. The effect is kind of like a trampoline: The curved plate flattens and then snaps back to shape, returning energy to the runner—without the void, the plate wouldn’t be able to flatten. “I really enjoy these shoes. I used to run track races in New Balance racing flats, which I liked, but the Pacer is much lighter and has higher energy return,” one tester said. “The carbon-fiber plate feels like the shoe helps push my foot off the ground, leading me to run faster and have quicker turnover!”. The Via Olympus provides an über-cushioned ride with a generous platform of foam for long-distance running—very long-distance running. The midsole is Ego Max, an EVA-based compression-molded foam that you can also find in the Paradigm 6 and Timp 4, two other max-cushioned Altra shoes. (The Paradigm, a stability shoe, has a linear, more parallel geometric profile to the ground. It also uses Altra’s standard last. In contrast, the Via’s sole is curved to promote a rocker motion, and its foot shape is wider and more accommodating.) The molded heel collar and pillowy tongue amplify the comfort factor. While the weight teeters past 10-ounce territory (men’s size 9), the Via still feels surprisingly lightweight and smooth. “I absolutely loved this shoe. As of today, I’ve logged 113 miles in it. The wide toebox was extremely comfortable, especially on runs over seven miles,” one tester said. “In the beginning, I found the heel cushioning cumbersome running uphill. But after I adjusted to the shoe, it became almost effortless.”. Topo put its own twist on the current “super shoe” trends and created the Specter. Without a midsole plate, this max-cushioned shoe mimics a similar bouncy ride that pleases energy-return-seeking runners while letting Topo remain true to its barefoot-inspired roots. To pull it off, the design team uses a unique rockered EVA midsole with a core of more premium Pebax foam. One speedy tester who regularly trains at 6:45 pace for his daily miles accurately summed up the Specter experience. “Running in the shoes, your stride feels like you are just gliding along. My footstrike was soft, but I felt good energy return, while the shoe’s shape and flexibility allowed for a very smooth transition from heel to toe,” he said. “The cushioning is on the softer side, but not so soft that you sink down into it, which can make some shoes feel slow. Instead, it’s a great ride on long runs—more than adequate for double-digit miles.”. “I ran with a friend up in the Adirondacks one morning in July. He was wearing a shoe not yet released called the Spark. We had 5,000 feet of vert over the first seven miles and a 3,000-foot descent over the final three miles, and he was stuck to the wet rocks on Giant Mountain like a gecko the whole time,” Dengate said, recalling his first encounter with VJ’s Spark. When we got our test samples, we experienced it ourselves. Credit that excellent grip to VJ’s butyl rubber outsole. The 5mm lugs aren’t super-long, and they’re not sharp like a set of YakTrax, but they’re tacky and flexible to grip slick terrain. The Spark is designed to be super-lightweight and fast, so while you won’t get cushioning for an ultra, the foam is ample for trail runs and obstacle races. The fairly standard and dense EVA isn’t on par with the latest bouncy nitrogen-injected TPU offerings out there, but you don’t buy the Spark for its cushioning. You buy it for the grip to dodge roots and rocks at speed, or heck, even hop an OCR fire pit and scale a rope wall. Traditionally, Salomon’s speedy kicks earn their reputation for being fast, for sure, but they’re also quite firm, aggressive, and narrow—better suited for elites than midpack runners. The Ultra Glide is Salomon’s softest and most accessible trail shoe, with cushioning that most runners will appreciate. Videographer Pat Heine wore the shoe on day 5 of a 327-mile FKT run in April 2021. After more than 250 miles, the hills, rocks, and hours piled up, and he appreciated the Ultra Glide’s support for the final stretch. “The upper provided enough protection for my tired feet when I inevitably kicked rocks and roots, while the rocker design and extra cushion underfoot took the sting out of pavement and extra-rocky sections, enough for me to make it through the final 75 miles,” he said. The lightweight midsole combines EVA and Olefin for a more forgiving, durable, and springy ride that even impressed the Hoka fanatics of our wear-test squad. The Adrenaline GTS is Brooks’s well-loved stability shoe that has a lighter, less obtrusive GuideRails system, rather than a medial post, to provide support. The 22nd iteration has that same design, which places material along the edges of the sole to keep your feet in alignment. (This makes it accessible for both overpronators and neutral runners, since the extra support engages only if you need it). Overall, the shoe feels slightly softer and smoother than previous models, thanks to the DNA Loft foam that spans the full length of the midsole. The Adrenaline still provides excellent shock absorption, and the rubber outsole delivers great traction and durability for high-mileage runners. Michael is a freelance writer with years of experience covering gear and the outdoors for Runner's World and other publications; when he's not writing, he's usually biking, hiking, and running in the mountains around Los Angeles, where he lives. Jeff is Runner-in-Chief for Runner's World, guiding the brand's shoes and gear coverage. A true shoe dog, he's spent more than a decade testing and reviewing shoes. In 2017, he ran in 285 different pairs of shoes, including a streak of 257 days wearing a different model. MTL Skyfire 2: Merrell Gets Serious About Speed. Best Stability Running Shoes for Ultimate Support. The Best Running Shoes of 2023. VJ Ultra 2: A Rugged, Grippy Tank on Wet Trails. Axon 3: The Bargain-Buy Shoe Our Testers Love. New Shoe Release: Hoka Rocket X 2. New Balance Tweaks the Rebel v3 to Go Longer. The Best New Balance Trail Running Shoes. The 9 Most Comfortable Running Shoes in 2023. The 10 Best Running Shoes for Women. The Blissfeel 2 Affirms Lululemon Is for Runners. The Best Saucony Running Shoes. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Finding the best women’s running shoes is our main focus at Fleet Feet. Whether you’re training for a marathon or just wanting to get outside for a few miles, we want to find you the best running shoes for your feet. We use millions of data points from our fit id® outfitting process to figure out how shoes uniquely fit women, and we research and test as many running shoes for women as we can to ensure we recommend the right pair. Then we test and review shoes to ensure they're up to our standards (and yours). Some brands even account for biomechanical differences between women and men. Where a brand's running shoes for women differ from their best men's running shoes, we make note of that, too. We brought together our database of fit id® scans, designer notes and feedback from the ladies of the Fleet Feet review team to determine the best running shoes for women. All of these shoes are great for everyday training, but some attributes of each model stand out. Here are the women’s shoes we think are best for (almost) every situation:. Got more questions? Check out these FAQs. [This article is part of the Fleet Feet Buyer's Guide for The Best Running Shoes 2023. Find all the best running shoes from the top brands for all situations.]. Attributes: Comfortable, accommodating fit, cushioned. Versatility is what makes the Brooks Ghost 15 one of the best women's running shoes on the market today. Brooks designed the Ghost to work for most women. To do that, designers made it comfortable, cushioned and lightweight, so you can wear it for an easy mile or light exercise—or a grueling marathon. The versatility makes it the perfect shoe for beginner runners, so they can focus on the road ahead and forget all about their shoes. Plus, it's roomy enough for a wide variety of foot shapes, and it comes in wide sizing for runners who need it. New this year is an updated DNA Loft v2 foam. The designers gave the Ghost 15 a lighter feel on your feet, cushier underfoot feel and smooth transition. With an easier ride and accommodating fit, the women's Brooks Ghost 15 gives you everything you need to start running or walking your way to your goals. Attributes: Max cushioning, very soft ride, lightweight feel. Considered by many to be one of the best cushioned shoes around, the ultra-cushioned Bondi 8 provides pure joy on your run. HOKA amplified the Bondi’s core features with a generous bed of ultralight and resilient foam that keeps each step soft and bouncy, while a smooth rolling sensation transitions you effortlessly from heel strike to toe-off. The big bed of foam underfoot uses HOKA’s early-stage Meta-Rocker shape and an extended heel geometry to give you a buttery smooth transition from heel to toe. Plus, with a 31 mm stack height in the heel and a 27 mm measurement in the forefoot, you'll never bottom out while you’re pounding the pavement. The softness and comfort of the Bondi 8 are perfect for easy runs, high mileage weeks and recovery days. It's also ideal for people who work on their feet all day, like nurses and doctors (HOKA even makes the women's HOKA Bondi SR with a leather upper and slip-resistant outsole). If you're looking for the best women's running shoes with the most cushion, the HOKA Bondi 8 is a game-changer. Read more in our HOKA Bondi 8 review. Attributes: Lightweight, responsive cushioning, stylish. From walking around town to working out, the On Cloud 5 can do it all. On engineered the Cloud 5 to move in any direction, thanks to responsive cushioning and lightweight materials. The shoe's Helion foam midsole works with On's signature Speedboard to energize every step, whether you're walking the dog or hitting the floor for another burpee. The flexible and durable engineered mesh upper, alongside the speed laces, lets you put these on and go (although they also come with traditional laces, if that is more your speed). Our reviewers loved the different lacing options in our On Cloud 5 review. Even though the Cloud 5 delivers versatile performance, the best part might just be the minimalist design. Lace-up the Cloud 5, and you won't look out of place at the gym or at the coffee shop.
Read more in our On Cloud 5 review. Attributes: Medial posting for stability and overpronation, roomy toe box and padded heel collar, soft ride. The women’s New Balance 860 v13 is known for providing stable, reliable support with an accommodating fit and smooth ride. New Balance uses its soft and lightweight Fresh Foam X in the 860 v13 to give it a smooth and comfortable ride, while firmer, more energetic foam under the forefoot gives you snappy toe-offs. For women who have low or flexible arches, or tend to overpronate, the firm medial post guides the foot away from overpronation. The sleek look and padded heel collar give this shoe a more secure lockdown and fits a variety of foot shapes. Read more in our New Balance Fresh Foam X 860 v 13 review. Attributes: Bouncy ride, lightweight, straightforward fit. The women's Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 39 is a light and nimble workhorse for your running and training. Nike packed the legendary Pegasus with a full-length React foam midsole that can go the distance. React foam is a popular choice, used in many of the best Nike running shoes, because it's lightweight, bouncy and durable. Compared to the Pegasus 38, designers reduced the weight of the upper and added two Zoom Air units in the forefoot for a more responsive and lively ride. The unique heel shape and thick, responsive foam are designed to optimize your landings and create an effortless heel-to-toe transition with each stride. Plus, a breathable and lightweight upper has extra padding at the tongue and collar to keep your feet comfortable and blister-free. Perfect for your runs, workouts and HIIT classes, the women’s Pegasus 39 can do it all. Attributes: Composite plate, snappy ride, airy mesh. The Saucony Endorphin Speed 3 is a great shoe to pick up the pace and race your best. With a winged nylon plate in the midsole, this shoe provides similar spring and energy without the stiffness of a carbon-fiber plate. Saucony’s Speedroll technology will have you rolling through the miles with smooth, fast transitions and the PWRRUN PB Foam is lightweight, plush and propulsive to help you to run your best. The Endorphin Speed 3 uses a lightweight engineered mesh upper for a barely-there feel that keeps your foot secure throughout the heel and midfoot.
Read more about the Saucony Endorphin Speed 3 in our review. Attributes: Perfect fit, plush, anatomical lacing. Karhu used 3D scans of real feet to design the last that shaped the Ikoni, which makes it a comfortable fit for most women. Designers used the scanning data captured during Fleet Feet's fit id® outfitting process to develop a shoe that fits comfortably for a wide range of foot shapes, while still delivering a performance-minded ride. Female testers in the Karhu Ikoni review said Karhu nailed both. A bed of lightweight Aerofoam feels super plush and responsive and is supported by a half-length Fulcrum rocker in the midfoot. This combination helps to roll the foot through its heel-to-toe transition and makes runs and walks feel effortless with each step. As a bonus, Karhu designed the same Ikoni with a higher-volume (HiVo) fit. The Ikoni HiVo accommodates larger or wider feet while providing the same peppy ride (and the same look) as the standard version. The newest Ikoni is an excellent women's running shoe for up-tempo days on the track, Sunday long runs and walking around the neighborhood. Attributes: Wide toe box, grippy for uneven terrain, rock plate. Altra’s Lone Peak is consistently on the list of the top trail shoes—and for good reason. The wide toe box that Altra’s shoes are known for is great on trails because it allows your toes to splay, providing better stability on uneven surfaces. The MaxTrac™ outsole provides the perfect combination of grip, traction and durability on all types of terrain, which ours testers loved in our Altra Lone Peak 7 Review. Plus, it contains an updated StoneGuard™ for extra protection that has drainage holes so that water does not stay in the shoe after any creek crossings. Altra also takes into account the biological differences between women and men when designing the women’s Lone Peak. Altra's Fit4Her™ technology in the Lone Peak caters to the specific form of the female foot, which has a narrower heel and midfoot, a higher instep, a longer arch and unique metatarsal spacing. Tackle the trails in the Women’s Altra Lone Peak 7. Attributes: cushioned, comfortable fit, premium feel. The ASICS GEL-Nimbus 25 is the newest member of a classic collection. With more than a quarter of a century’s worth of experience packed into the latest version, the Nimbus 25 is better than ever. ASICS used its brand new Pure-GEL technology in the heel to create a soft landing and smooth transition. Designers upped the cushioning in this version by adding even more of their FF BLAST PLUS ECO foam to increase the comfort. With a softer and more comfortable upper that includes a thin, stretchy tongue, this is one of the most comfortable iterations of the Nimbus. Whether you're logging easy miles leading up to a race or hammering out your longest run yet, the ASICS GEL-Nimbus 25 is up for the challenge. Read more in our ASICS Gel-Nimbus 25 review. Attributes: Springy, durable, environmentally friendly. The women's Mizuno Wave Rider has long been one of the best running shoes on the market, and the Wave Rider 26 is sure to maintain its spot on the list. Mizuno updated the women's Wave Rider 26 with even more of its fan-favorite Mizuno Enerzy foam to give you the bounciest, most cushioned ride yet. A new bio-based Wave Plate helps disperse impact forces and leads to a smooth transition, while also providing a more environmentally friendly way to produce this fan-favorite shoe. The new jacquard mesh upper features more recycled elements, while still providing breathability and support. In the Mizuno Wave Rider 26 review, testers loved how secure the shoe fit. Women looking for a comfortable and consistent running shoe will find it in the Wave Rider 26. We used data from our fit id® outfitting process, interviews with designers and real-life wear testing to determine the best women’s running shoes for most runs and the most runners. You can shop with confidence at Fleet Feet: We offer free shipping on all orders over $99, and you have 60 days to return any gear if you don’t like the way it looks, fits or feels. Plus, with our price-match guarantee, you can make sure you never pay too much for a new pair of running shoes. Get deals, events, and more. Get involved on social media. Fleet Feet has over 250 locations nationwide! Website Accessibility Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use 
Do Not Sell My Info


                    © 2023 Fleet Feet. All Rights Reserved.
                

Site by NMC.

BREAKING: Pope Francis to spend several days in hospital after complaining of breathing difficulties. Whether you’re hitting the trails for the first time or training for your tenth marathon, it will quickly become apparent that your running shoes are key to your running success. Indeed, investing in a good pair of shoes is not only crucial to your short-term performance but your long-term health as well. In fact, according to a study by the National Institutes of Health, avid runners should even consider having multiple pairs of different running shoes, as research has found that consistently rotating your shoes can decrease the risk of running-related injury by as much as 39%. The reason: A rotation can ensure the cushioning and stability continues to hold up, and cycling between different shoes gives your body a break from the same set of stresses. SKIP AHEAD Best running shoes for women | How to shop for running shoes. “The most important thing to think about when it comes to women's running shoes is that everyone's feet are different,” said Nikki Gnozzio, CSCS, LMT, a certified strength and conditioning specialist and licensed massage therapist. “What works best for someone else may not be the best shoe for you.” As such, when selecting a running shoe, Gnozzio recommends trying before buying. And if possible, it’s best to have an expert measure or fit your foot and observe your running gait to determine where you might need more cushion or support, said Gnozzio. Because women are bio-mechanically different from men, noted marathon runner and 22-year running industry veteran Annie Kawaski, women’s running shoes differ slightly from men’s in terms of forefoot width, arch height and heel width. Moreover, she noted, because women tend to have wider hips than men, women’s feet contact the ground at a wider angle. There are about 35 quality brands of running shoes on the market today, each one designing its own line using new technologies and materials to elevate performance. But deciding which model and make is best for you depends on a variety of factors, including weight, cushioning, foot type and more. To help you, we’ve rounded up some of the best running shoes recommended by our experts, as well as some highly rated picks fellow runners say they are loving right now. Gnozzio cites Brooks as one of her favorite brands for comfort and longevity, and the Ghost 15 is a perennially popular model. Across retailers, customers give this shoe well over 4 out of 5 stars, citing the quality of the shoe and the value (given how long the shoe lasts) as major pros. Weighing in at under 8.8 ounces, this shoe is extremely lightweight and is appropriate across a range of surfaces, says the brand. Another favorite brand of Gnozzio’s, Saucony is popular among many runners for its speed-centric design. This is particularly true of the Saucony Endorphin Speed 3, which gets a solid 4.3 out of 5 stars from customers on Saucony’s site with 216 reviews. The heel fit, something Kawaski noted is especially important, is designed to be particularly snug, making this a form-fitting shoe that is designed to propel runners forward, says the brand. This shoe gets 4.5 out of 5 stars from more than 450 customers on the Brooks website, who largely laud this shoe for its arch support. For runners looking for a bit of extra cushion, the Glycerin 20 is a great option, thanks to its softness and the thickness of Brooks’ DNA LOFT v3 cushioning, a nitrogen-infused technology that reacts to a runner’s unique stride, says the brand. This shoe weighs in at just over 9 ounces and is designed for road running and walking. According to many of its customers, the Glycerin 20 rates among the more comfortable of running shoes. Gnozzio noted that Hoka makes good trail-running shoes, and the Speedgoat 5 is a fan favorite, with an average rating of 4.6 out of 5 on REI’s website. This neutral shoe weighs in at 8.5 ounces and is designed for trails and rougher terrain, says the brand. Customers note that these shoes are great not only for running but for hiking and walking as well. This pair of running shoes got 4.1 out of 5 stars out of 144 reviews on the New Balance site. Given the significant cushion in the midsole of this shoe – the More v4 is the most cushioned shoe in the New Balance lineup – runners find this shoe offers a smooth, comfortable ride. Despite the thickness of the cushion, the shoe weighs in at just 8.4 ounces, making it well suited for runners recovering from injury or surgery, says the brand. These shoes get a 4.6- out of a 5-star rating from Dick’s Sporting Goods customers and are among the most lightweight of the Pegasus shoes that Nike has made (they’re under 7.6 ounces). Our experts noted that a comfortable running shoe isn’t just about the sole but the sides and tops of the shoe as well – to that end, the Pegasus39 features extra padding at both the tongue and collar to prevent soreness while running or working out, says the brand. Customers on Amazon gave the Mizuno Wave Inspire 18 a 4.8 out of 5 stars, with our experts noting that this pair of running shoes is one of the most cost-effective on the market. According to the brand, the carbon rubber outer helps to extend the shoes’ longevity and makes them especially well-suited for pavement and other hard surfaces. The Hoka Bondi 8 comes highly recommended by Gnozzio, given the plush cushion yet neutral stance of this running shoe. Our experts and customers noted that the heel of this shoe, which has an extended geometry, provides some extra cushion that helps runs feel softer and more balanced. The Hoka Bondi 8 was also awarded the Seal of Approval from the Podiatric Medical Association, which recognizes products that have been found beneficial to foot health. To earn this recognition, each product is reviewed by a group of APMA podiatrists to ensure it promotes foot health. This super-lightweight shoe is only 6.6 ounces and is ideal for road runners, says the brand. It’s one of the most popular models among Asics customers, with an average Amazon customer rating of 4.8 out of 5 stars. Created for folks who run long distances (and want to optimize speed), these Asics use the brand’s GUIDESOLE technology, which was designed to reduce ankle flexion by leveraging a curved design (effectively helping to propel your foot forward). More than 200 Amazon customers give the Adidas Ultraboost 22 an average of 4.7 out of 5 stars, citing the cushioned midsole as a major factor in the comfort of these shoes. While this is a slightly heavier shoe, at 10.9 ounces, our experts said it’s ideal for everyday wear in the gym or for walking. The Cloudultra running shoe is designed specifically for trail runs, which our experts said is key to have in your rotation if you’re planning on doing any running outside of the traditional gym or pavement setting. This shoe has extra cushion to help support and balance your foot (and body) on uneven terrain, and the closed-channel outsole helps prevent pebbles from getting lodged in the bottom of your shoe, says the brand. This cross-training shoe from Ryka is specifically designed for a woman’s foot shape, designed with a narrower heel and more room at the toe. The No Limit Trainer is meant for both gym workouts and running, providing extra support built into the midsole to help stabilize while running. Customers give this shoe an average 4.5 out of 5 stars, noting that it’s just as comfortable for studio workouts as it is for running. Generally speaking, running shoes fall into two major categories: stability and neutral. Stable shoes, Kawaski noted, are best for folks who have low or flat arches and therefore need more support for their feet. On the other hand, neutral shoes have minimal arch support and are better suited for those with high arches. When it comes to selecting a good running shoe, our experts recommended keeping the following considerations in mind. Cushioning.“First and foremost, you should look for a shoe that is comfortable,” said Gnozzio. Typically, she said, there’s a wide gap when it comes to the amount of cushioning. “The thickness of the midsole (the material between the bottom of the inside of the shoe and the outsole) indicates potentially how much cushioning there is in a shoe,” added Kawaski. Thicker midsoles tend to be more common in stability shoes, whereas extra cushioning in the heel is more common in neutral shoes. Toe length. You don’t want a shoe that is too tight, our experts noted. “You should make sure you have enough toe length, as your feet could swell while running or encounter blisters,” said Gnozzio. “You want enough room to wiggle your toes comfortably and about one thumb’s width of space between the tip of your longest toe and the end of the shoe,” said Kawaski. Weight. You’ll frequently find the weight of a shoe referenced in the specifications, and for good reason, said Kawaski. Generally speaking, the heavier the shoe, the more difficult (or uncomfortable) it might be to run for long periods of time. However, don’t confuse the thickness of cushioning with weight, she noted. Modern technology has made it such that heavily cushioned shoes can still be very lightweight. Drop. Drop essentially refers to the difference in cushioning between the heel and toe of the shoe. While most shoes are made with a 10mm drop, these drops can range all the way from 0mm to significantly more than 10mm. Higher drops tend to place more strain on the hips and knees, while lower drops place more load on the foot, ankle and lower leg. Once you’ve found a shoe you like, you may want to note the drop for future purchases. Terrain. More important than your running form can be the terrain upon which you’re running, noted Gnozzio. If you’re frequently running on concrete, you may need a different shoe than if you’re trail running. Be sure to check your shoes’ make and model for what kind of terrain is most suitable. Mileage. How long and how far you run is also a major consideration. While Kawaski points out that you should always look for shoes that you’d be happy to stay in all day, sprinting shoes and distance-running shoes may carry different types of support, weight and feel. Catch up on Select's in-depth coverage of personal finance, tech and tools, wellness and more, and follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date. Lulu Chang is a freelancer based in Washington, DC and New York City. She is eagerly living out her dreams as an aspiring food critic, and writes often about health, wellness, and travel. © 2023 SELECT | All rights reserved. The use of this website means that you accept the confidentiality regulations and the conditions of service.

To revist this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revist this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revist this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. To revist this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories. By Ciarra Lorren Zatorski. All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. Running is always in season, which means the search for the best running shoes for women is always on. After all, it is not only our endurance and months of training that carry us through the finish lines, but the shoes that push us forward with each pounding of the pavement. And while finding the perfect fit is never an easy feat, I turned to the experts to make sure we are all equipped with the proper sneakers for the treadmills, tracks, and marathons that lie ahead. Through my own journey in rediscovering the joys of running last year, I sought out Nike Run Club Master Trainer Traci Copeland, who explained that the best running shoes for women and men really depend on what your foot does while you run. “Some pronate or supinate,” Copeland says, explaining the difference between runners who place their weight on the inside vs. the outside of their feet. “Sometimes you need more support based on this.” Determining your foot type is key, and there are several fundamental tests you can perform to do so in the comfort of your own home. The simplest being the “Wet Test,” in which you wet the sole of your foot and step onto a blank piece of paper. The damp footprint left behind will help establish whether you are a neutral runner or over or underpronator. As a neutral and injury-prone runner, my doctor recommended the various Hoka prototypes to best fit my everyday running needs. The symmetrical cushioning bed and midsole design on the Clifton 9s provide just the right amount of support to protect my fragile ankles from the daily pressures of urban running. Allure, Glamour, and Teen Vogue’s associate fashion editor Kathleen Thomas on the other hand, recently found her perfect pair after testing out Brooks’ Glycerin 20s on a herculean 26.2-mile run during the 2022 New York City Marathon. “After training for the marathon for four months, I sought after more stability and support,” Thomas says. “Brooks sneakers feel incredibly smooth on pavement and my knees are far more supported than before.” With support on her side, Thomas mastered the concrete jungle in support of Rising New York Road Runners all the while feeling both lighter and quicker on her feet. From the cushioned, lightweight shoe for the everyday jog to the high-performance sneakers designed for elite runners and everything in between, try these 24 best running shoes to incorporate into your routine below. Designed for a reactive run, On combined their CloudTec and Speedboard technologies to create the Cloud X 3; a new silhouette that makes running on concrete feel like running on, well, a cloud. Its lightweight nature and maximum response are perfect for New York City streets, providing softer landings and maximum energy return. Or, take a lap in Nike React Infinity Run Flyknit 3, Copeland’s shoe family of choice, which is equipped with high-performance capabilities and designed to reduce injury while amplifying comfort. As a major feat, Vogue turned marathon running into fashion last September by sending a flock of brightly-clad runners of the North Brooklyn Runners down West 13th Street to open our VOGUE World event. The task? Ensuring our runners were equipped with top-of-the-line durability, stability, and fine-tuned cushioning to support the four-mile stride ahead of them. Styles from Hoka, New Balance, Reebok, and Saucony, to name a few, were among the trainers to hit the ground running on an electric night. Whether planning a quick HIIT run or a 5K, treadmill running requires styles sufficient in higher energy return and shock absorption to propel you forward farther and faster. Opting for breathable, lightweight shoes with ample support will help counteract the repetitive stress on your body from the belt’s machinery. Test Adidas’ Ultraboost range or Asics Gel Kayano for that I-could-run-forever feeling. Trail running is a different beast of its own, with unpredictable terrain challenging the durability of sneakers at each stomp of the foot. Outsoles with gripping that enhance your ground connection and motion control, and keep you on your toes for the uneven surfaces just up the hill, are essential in finding the perfect fit. The Allbird Trail Runner SWT will certainly live up to the challenge with trail traction inspired by the bulbous treads found on mountain bikes. Shop Spring's Standout Pieces—All for Under $300. The Best New Arrivals to Shop Now. The Spring Dress Shop Is Here—100+ Best Styles of the Season. Vogue Essentials: Shop Wardrobe Staples That Will Never Go Out of Style. The Resort Wear Shop: 80+ Pieces of Vacation-Ready Fashion to Shop Now. Sign up for Vogue’s shopping newsletter to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it. By signing up you agree to our User Agreement and Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement. © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices.

Switchback Travel (Brian McCurdy). We use affiliate links and may receive a small commission on purchases. Read more about us. For the best combination of protection and support on the trail, look no further than a hiking boot. Compared to other forms of hiking footwear, boots are epitomized by their mid-height build, which offers best-in-class stability on technical terrain or while hauling a heavy load. A recent push has led to lighter and more flexible designs, but a number of quality traditional leather models are still available. Below we break down the best women's hiking boots of 2023, from lightweight, trail-runner-inspired designs and solid all-around models to rugged and protective boots built for mountain terrain. For more information, see our comparison table and buying advice below the picks. Category: All-aroundWeight: 2 lbs. 2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Great support, comfort, and protection for covering long distances with a full pack.What we don’t: Overkill for easy hiking; only offered in a waterproof version. Year after year, Lowa’s Renegade is one of the most beloved hiking boots on the trail, combining the look, feel, and performance of a traditional design with an impressively low weight. As we’d expect from a burly leather boot, it features a hardwearing design and stable construction that translate to great support and protection on technical trails. But the Lowa nails the comfort equation too: The boot comes in wide, narrow, and regular widths, and—unlike the more streamlined boots here—features a tall and stiff collar for noticeable ankle support. All told, the Renegade is a great middle ground between a bulky leather boot and lightweight synthetic design like the Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 below, and our top pick for demanding backpacking trips that cover a variety of terrain. But while the Renegade is a great option for hikers who prioritize support and protection, it will be overkill for some. In the age of fast-and-light travel, many modern trail-goers will be willing to trade some of the Lowa’s strong suits for a synthetic boot that feels lighter and nimbler underfoot. Further, the Renegade is only offered in a Gore-Tex version, which is great for shoulder season or mountainous hikes but will overheat in warmer conditions. Still, for tricky terrain or covering long distances with a full pack, the Lowa is a high-quality and durable all-rounder that puts it all together better than most… Read in-depth reviewSee the Lowa Renegade GTX Mid. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 10.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (eVent)What we like: Lightweight and nimble yet impressively stable.What we don’t: Not a super locked-in feel given the relatively low collar and accommodating fit. There’s a time and place for traditional leather boots like the Lowa Renegade above, but in 2023, lightweight footwear has all but taken over. And for good reason—shaving just a few ounces off your feet conserves precious energy and translates to better comfort, mile after mile. This movement is epitomized by Topo Athletic’s Trailventure 2 WP: With the looks of a trail runner but the bones of a hiking boot, the Trailventure 2 WP provides decent stability and support by way of an external TPU heel counter, reasonably tall and padded collar, and full-length rock plate. On the other hand, the 33-millimeter stack height, plush ZipFoam midsole, and minimalist weight will have you moving quickly and comfortably over long distances. Put it all together, and the Topo Athletic is an incredibly well-balanced shoe for those tackling easy trails with a light load. We’re huge fans of lightweight footwear, but it’s important to be aware of the inherent compromises. In particular, the Trailventure 2 WP’s relatively streamlined collar and very accommodating fit translates to less support on off-camber sections of trail or while carrying a heavy pack. We really noticed it on steep descents, when our feet moved around the shoe so much that our toes hit the end. But in most other metrics the Trailventure 2 WP felt fairly uncompromised: Our feet were isolated from rocks and roots, traction was excellent with the Vibram Megagrip outsole, and the waterproof membrane effectively kept out moisture. Unless you plan to travel in mountainous terrain or tend to carry a heavy load, the Trailventure’s benefits will far outweigh the tradeoffs. Lastly, Topo Athletic also makes a non-waterproof version ($160), but performance drops significantly with no rock plate and a downgraded Vibram outsole... Read in-depth reviewSee the Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 WP. Category: All-aroundWeight: 1 lb. 13 oz.Waterproof: No (available)What we like: A legendary boot that's durable, comfortable, and affordable.What we don’t: Lacks performance for long days, rough trails, or heavy loads. If you’re looking to hit the trail without breaking the bank, Merrell’s Moab 3 is a no-brainer purchase. More than almost any other boot, the Moab has achieved legendary status for its combination of performance and comfort at a low weight and price point, and the latest "3" carries the torch. The nubuck leather upper is protective and durable, and mesh panels along the top and sides keep air moving on hot days. In terms of traction, Vibram’s TC5+ outsole offers decent grip on everything from hard-packed dirt to rock, and you get a nice amount of cushioning by way of EVA foam in the midsole. For hikers and backpackers who stick mostly to maintained trails in dry conditions, we wholeheartedly recommend the Merrell Moab 3 Mid. What are our gripes with Merrell’s popular budget boot? On particularly technical trails—and especially on wet terrain like mud and snow—traction and stability fall short of grippier and closer-fitting designs like the Lowa Renegade above and La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II below. Further, despite clocking in under 2 pounds, the Moab can feel clunky underfoot, especially if you’re used to a more modern trail runner or lightweight boot. But the leather build is fairly tough to kill, and the Moab is truly in a class of its own when it comes to performance for the price. If you want added wet-weather protection, Merrell also makes the Moab 3 Mid Waterproof for $145.See the Merrell Moab 3 Mid. Category: All-around/lightweightWeight: 1 lb. 12 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Extremely comfortable; surprisingly stable and supportive.What we don’t: Polarizing looks; outsole lacks durability and traction on technical terrain. Well, oh well, hiking boots sure are getting more fun of late. Popular running shoe brand Hoka, which is known for its lightweight and cushioned designs, has made a serious push in the hiking footwear market. Our favorite from their lineup is the Anacapa Mid, which features Hoka’s well-known springy midsole, rockered shape for a smooth ride on the trail, and beefed-up construction that includes durable nubuck leather and a Gore-Tex waterproof liner. In testing the Anacapa on a backpacking trip in Colorado’s San Juan Mountains, we were pleased with its fast-moving personality that nicely mixes a nimble trail runner-like feel with surprisingly good stability and support, reminiscent of a hiking boot. Our main concern with the Anacapa is its traction—the boot performs well on hardpacked trail but immediately suffers on off-camber or rocky terrain. The majority of the tread is quality Vibram rubber, but Hoka incorporated large sections of foam-like blown rubber in the middle of the outsole (a common compound on road running footwear). As a result, we found the Anacapa difficult to trust on smooth rock, and our pair received pretty significant damage from a talus-laden climb. Finally, it almost goes without saying that the boot’s appearance will be a true dealbreaker for some. But we’ve been impressed with the design, which goes a long way to mitigate foot fatigue without compromising much in the way of stability and protection. If you stick mostly to established trails and prioritize cushy comfort, the Anacapa has a lot to offer.See the Hoka Anacapa Mid GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 5.2 oz.Waterproof: NoWhat we like: Flat and roomy footbed offers slipper-like comfort. What we don’t: Disappointing stability and traction on technical terrain. Altra’s Lone Peak trail running shoe has developed a serious following among comfort-seeking thru-hikers, making the mid-height version an intriguing concept. Combining ankle support and protection with the Lone Peak’s trademark wide toe box, generous cushioning, and zero-drop design, the Hiker 2 offers instant comfort (no break-in period was necessary during our testing) alongside extra performance on tricky terrain or when carrying a load. Further, at just 1 pound 5.2 ounces, it’s among the lightest boots here, which is truly a game-changer for high-mileage days. We’ve recommended various iterations of the Lone Peak to dozens of friends and acquaintances who’ve struck out with more traditional hiking footwear, and have yet to lead anyone astray. But as a more serious backcountry boot, the Lone Peak Hiker 2 falls short. On a backpacking trip in southern Patagonia, we took to calling the boot our “mountain slipper,” referring to its comfortable yet sloppy feel. The lack of toe protection also contributed to this laid-back vibe, and the MaxTrac rubber outsole wasn’t super confidence-inspiring on rock and wet hardpack. But for easy trails and light loads, it’s still our favorite option for those with wide or particular feet. The Hiker 2 is also one of the best-built Lone Peaks yet, with a long-lasting suede upper and thoughtful attention to detail. For a different spin on the mid-height design, Altra also makes the Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid 2 ($190), which features a taller collar, synthetic upper, and waterproof membrane... Read in-depth reviewSee the Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2. Category: All-aroundWeight: 1 lb. 10.8 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex Surround)What we like: A lightweight leather boot with excellent breathability.What we don’t: A bit narrow (wide sizes are available) and expensive. La Sportiva’s Nucleo High II GTX is a quintessential modern boot: light and nimble but with enough support for day hiking and most backpacking trips. The headliner here is the boot’s impressive breathability, which comes by way of a Gore-Tex Surround liner and Nano-Cell technology. In short, Gore-Tex Surround breathes not only out of the upper like most waterproof designs, but also through the sole—which means your feet can dump heat on all sides. You also get patches of Nano-Cell mesh along the sides of each foot—great for keeping air moving—covered with a web-like patch of rubber to maintain durability. Monikers and fancy tech aside, it all adds up to a really breathable design, particularly for a leather boot. The Nucleo also differentiates itself from other leather boots with a decently low weight. At just 1 pound 10.8 ounces for the pair, it’s noticeably lighter than many of the 2-plus-pound leather models here. And compared to most of the boots in its weight class (like the Topo Athletic above), you get a big boost in durability and protection with large swaths of leather rather than nylon or mesh. But you do pay a premium for the breathable leather build, and like many La Sportiva offerings, the Nucleo runs narrow (wide sizes are available). All told, the Nucleo is a nice upgrade in performance and build quality from an alternative like the Merrell Moab 3 Mid above, albeit at a higher price. See the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 11.1 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Futurelight)What we like: A durable yet nimble boot that’s ideal for traveling fast and far on the trail.What we don’t: Middling stability and protection compared to burlier hiking boots. The North Face’s footwear lineup has seen a lot of modernization in recent years, and the Exploris 2 Mid Futurelight is case in point. Taking inspiration from their Vectiv trail running collection, this hiking-specific variation features a rockered profile for moving fast on the trail, a full-length TPU plate in the midsole for stability, and a lightweight yet durable synthetic ripstop upper. You get a streamlined collar that adds a bit of stability compared to a low-top shoe, and  the updated “2” boosts comfort with 2 millimeters of extra underfoot cushion and a more accommodating toe box. Finally, TNF utilized their in-house Futurelight waterproofing, and the thin construction helps minimize overheating when working hard in mild temperatures. Throughout our testing, we were most impressed with the Vectiv Exploris 2’s SurfaceCTRL outsole, which offered impressive traction on everything from slippery rock to mud. Further, the waterproof membrane held up extremely well despite the sloppy conditions and numerous creek crossings. And while the rockered shape did feel a little awkward at first, it really came to life and gave the boot a natural and poppy feel when hiking quickly. We wouldn’t push the Exploris 2 too hard into cross-country terrain—it felt slightly tippy while crossing talus and boulder hopping—and despite the updated toe box, we found the boot to be on the narrow side. But for a durable yet nimble hiking boot that will feel just as comfortable on mile 20 as it does at mile 2, the Exploris 2 is well worth a look... Read in-depth reviewSee The North Face Vectiv Exploris 2 Mid Futurelight. Category: Mountain/all-aroundWeight: 2 lbs. 6.4 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: A supportive and protective boot that’s still impressively comfortable.What we don’t: Overkill for many hikers and backpackers. Salomon’s X Ultra below is a popular one-quiver boot for most hikers and backpackers, but for a big step up in performance check out their Quest 4 GTX. Built to provide serious stability and protection on technical terrain, the Quest features a generous dose of leather in the upper, deep and aggressive lugs, and a solid chassis that lends support underfoot and at the heel. It’s also home to one of our all-time favorite lacing systems, with locking eyelets that secure the heel in place and allow you to tailor fit at the forefoot and ankle. To top it off, comfort is surprisingly high—we wore the Quest 4 during a week of trekking in Nepal and were in no rush to take the boots off at the end of each day. The Quest 4 GTX toes the line between our all-around and mountain categories, and is one of the only boots here to excel in both environments. We’d have no qualms booting up steep snow or crossing loose talus in the Salomon, but it performs well on-trail too: The outsole is surprisingly flexible for being so burly, and you get a good deal of cushioning by way of EVA foam in the midsole. Compared to the Renegade above, it has a more precision fit and a thicker, more durable upper, but at the cost of a few ounces and a bit less of a planted feel. Keep in mind that both boots are overkill for those who stick primarily to well-established trails. Finally, it’s worth noting we found that the Quest 4 runs large—we’re generally between an 8.5 and a 9 in Salomon boots, and ended up in a size 8... Read in-depth reviewSee the Salomon Quest 4 GTX. Category: All-aroundWeight: 1 lb. 12.4 oz.Waterproof: Yes (KEEN.Dry)What we like: A durable trail workhorse.What we don’t: Pricier than the Merrell Moab 3 Waterproof without enough to show for it. KEEN's Targhee III is a classic hiking boot that goes head-to-head with designs like the waterproof version of Merrell's Moab 3 Mid (above). The leather upper and sturdy outsole aren’t particularly lightweight (especially compared to modern trail runner-inspired boots), but the benefits are excellent stability over rough terrain, great long-term durability, and impressive all-around protection for your foot. The Targhee also boasts a noticeably wide toe box, which is great for accommodating swollen feet and a nice alternative to some of the narrower designs here. If you’re in the market for a leather hiking boot, KEEN's Targhee III Mid is certainly worth adding to your list. Among traditional day hiking options, the KEEN Targhee III Mid and Merrell Moab 3 Mid are two of the most popular shoes on the market. Both are very comfortable right out of the box, offer plenty of support and traction for non-technical trails, and can even get the job done on shorter backpacking trips. But while the Targhee’s nubuck leather upper is a little more durable than the Moab’s partial mesh design, we’re not sure it’s worth the $30 bump between waterproof models. Further, within this price class, the KEEN contends with more modern designs like the Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 WP above, which offers a more nimble feel and better performance overall. Still, for traditionalists looking for a true leather hiker, it doesn’t get much better than the Targhee, which also comes in a non-waterproof version (the Targhee Vent Mid) for $165.See the KEEN Targhee III Waterproof Mid. Category: Lightweight/mountainWeight: 1 lb. 11.9 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: A lightweight boot that's tough enough for the mountains.What we don’t: Feels overbuilt on well-established trails. La Sportiva’s Ultra Raptor trail runner has earned legendary status amongst the mountain running community, beloved for its high levels of protection and stability alongside a lightweight, trail-runner-esque build. The Mid GTX here takes the low-top shoe to the next level, adding a respectably tall collar and waterproof membrane. The result is a piece of footwear that lands somewhere in between mid-height trail runner and hiking boot, taking with it the best features from both worlds. For fast-and-light mountain-goers, the Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX is a nimble and quick alternative to boots like the Quest 4 and Rush TRK GTX above. On the flipside, it helps to compare this boot to a design like the Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid above. Checking in just a few ounces heavier, the Ultra Raptor offers noticeably more protection around the foot with a generous toe cap and TPU heel, and the rigid shank goes a long way to improve stability. What’s more, the Frixion XF 2.0 sole is stiff and designed to grip well to rock. It’s true that the Altra will offer a more cushioned and sprightly feel on well-established trails, but if you’re looking for a similarly lightweight boot for tackling more technical terrain, the Ultra Raptor Mid GTX is a proven choice.See the La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX. Category: All-around/mountainWeight: 2 lbs. 7.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: An agile mountain boot.What we don’t: Overbuilt for day hikes on well-maintained trails. Scarpa’s Rush series of hiking footwear seeks to find the sweet spot between performance and weight-savings, running the gamut from trail-runner-inspired hiking shoe (the Rush Low) to the TRK GTX here. We recently took the Rush TRK GTX on a trek through the Cordillera Huayhuash in Peru, where the boot traveled with ease across tricky mountain terrain while still maintaining a light and agile feel underfoot. The suede leather upper and rubber toe rand offer top-notch durability and protection, and the sticky SuperGum outsole gets the job done over a wide variety of surfaces. Finally, moisture protection is excellent, with a waterproof/breathable Gore-Tex Extended Comfort membrane and tall collar to keep you covered during high water crossings. We used to include Scarpa’s Zodiac Plus GTX on this list, but the Rush TRK GTX wins out in most categories. The Rush is noticeably more supple than the Zodiac and features a roomy toe box (promoting great out-of-the-box and all-day comfort), offers softer cushioning underfoot, and is $90 cheaper to boot. For all but the most aggressive mountain terrain, it’s by far the more approachable design. That said, the Rush is overbuilt for easy trails, especially compared to many of the lightweight designs here. But if you’re headed above treeline with a heavy pack, the Rush TRK GTX is well worth a look; for those sticking to more gentle terrain, check out Scarpa’s lighter and nimbler Rush Mid GTX... Read in-depth reviewSee the Scarpa Rush TRK GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 10.7 oz.Waterproof: Yes (GTX)What we like: Looks do deceive—this is a capable and well-built boot.What we don’t: Durability concerns with the exposed midsole. It’s always fun to be pleasantly surprised by a piece of gear, and Adidas’ Terrex Free Hiker 2 did just that. At first glance—or fifth—the boot looks nothing like an outdoor-ready piece. But after sliding them on, our impression quickly changed. The Free Hiker has a sock-like fit that’s super comfortable with great cushioning on the tongue and collar, and Adidas’ soft Boost midsole does a great job limiting foot fatigue even on demanding days. Throughout our testing, traction also proved to be excellent on everything from wet rock to loose dirt thanks to the tacky Continental rubber and aggressive lug shape. Competitively lightweight and packing a proven Gore-Tex liner, the Free Hiker is a great addition to the market. The Terrex Free Hiker 2 was a fantastic day hiking option on a recent trip to Patagonia, but it does come with some limitations. The most polarizing is its looks, which land in the love-it-or-hate-it category. A second more substantive concern is durability. Specifically, Adidas opted to leave its Boost foam midsole quite exposed along the outside of the boot. After just a few hikes—albeit on very rocky terrain that involved a fair amount of scrambling and squeezing between boulders—pieces of that exposed midsole are starting to fall off in small chunks. It’s a big enough downside to drop the boot on our list, but as a fun day hiker on less challenging terrain, the Adidas is well worth a look.See the Adidas Terrex Free Hiker 2 GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 9.4 oz.Waterproof: YesWhat we like: A sprightly hiking boot with impressive grip on soft ground.What we don’t: Lacks a secure lock at the collar; subpar traction on rock. If you haven’t yet noticed a trend in our picks, the Salomon Cross Hike 2 Mid GTX should make things abundantly clear. Gone are the days of hitting the trail in leather clunkers—lightweight and nimble hiking boots have all but taken over. And the Cross Hike 2 Mid is about as purpose-built as it gets: Salomon took their Speedcross running shoe (a popular choice for mountain terrain), beefed up the protection and support, added a mid-height collar, and lowered the stack height for greater stability. The result is a boot that’s light and speedy on the trail but robust enough to tackle everything from third-class scrambling to hauling an overnight load. And with a recent update to the “2,” the Cross Hike now features a grippier outsole, roomier fit, higher collar, and a revamped upper. We wore the Cross Hike 2 Mid while backpacking in Patagonia, and—similar to our experience with the first-gen version—our reviews are mixed. The boot was predictably lightweight and comfortable, and offered impressive traction on soft and wet terrain (in fact, the sole almost looks like a track spike). But one of our biggest gripes was the single eyelet at the collar, which causes the boot to gape open, minimizing ankle support and allowing trail debris to enter (it doesn’t help that the Quicklace system loosens throughout the day). We also experienced early durability issues with the toe cap separating from the upper, and the sharp lugs means traction suffers on smooth rock. All told, the boot is another solid choice for the lightweight-focused crowd, but we’ll stick with the more well-rounded Trailventure 2 WP for treks that cover the full gamut of terrain... Read in-depth reviewSee the Salomon Cross Hike 2 Mid GTX. Category: Mountain/all-aroundWeight: 2 lbs. 1.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Tough and capable yet lightweight.What we don’t: We’d prefer more cushioning. Arc’teryx can be a wildcard with their footwear, and previous designs have teetered on the edge of being too unique for our liking. In contrast, the Acrux follows a more traditional route with a clean one-piece upper, EVA midsole, and Vibram traction. But there are some fun surprises. In particular, we’ve found the synthetic SuperFabric upper to be especially durable and tough considering its thin build. That in many ways sums up our overall impression of the Acrux: Despite weighing just over 2 pounds for the pair, the boot provides excellent support and protection while hauling 50+ pounds over challenging terrain. One disappointment with the Acrux is its general lack of cushioning. The thin upper is partly to blame, but underfoot, the stock OrthoLite insole is simply too thin and flat to be comfortable for full days of hiking. Replacing the insole is a good start (it’s removable), but the minimal cushioning strikes us as a weak point in the design and falls short of boots like the Salomon Quest 4 in terms of comfort. In general, most hikers will appreciate the added padding of a boot like the Quest, which also features a taller collar to keep out trail debris. These complaints push the Acrux down our rankings, but it’s nevertheless a high-performance boot for multi-day hikes in technical terrain. It’s also worth noting the Aerios Mid GTX, a unisex boot that blends Arc’teryx’s quality and performance with a lightweight design.See the Arc'teryx Acrux TR GTX. Category: All-aroundWeight: 2 lbs. 2 oz. Waterproof: Yes (VasqueDry)What we like: Great price for a capable and decently well-rounded hiking boot.What we don’t: Dated look and feel; in-house materials can’t compete with Vibram and Gore-Tex. Vasque has specialized in hiking footwear for over half a century, and the Breeze has long been the most popular boot in their lineup. With a recent revamp, it now touts a decently modern design and the brand’s new VasqueDry waterproof membrane, which is built with 25% recycled materials. The Breeze checks in at a similar weight to our top-ranked Lowa Renegade—both models use suede uppers, and the Vasque adds mesh cutouts for better breathability—but is almost $100 cheaper at just $160. For a great combination of price and performance, it’s well worth a closer look. Throughout our testing, we found the Breeze to be fully serviceable for backpacking on everything from easy trails to above-treeline terrain. And with two eyelets above the ankle, you get a lot more stability and ankle support than the more streamlined, lightweight designs here. But the boot doesn’t particularly stand out in any way, and Vasque’s in-house outsole and waterproofing simply don’t measure up to name brands like Vibram and Gore-Tex. What’s more, it’s fairly heavy and dated-looking for the majority of modern hikers. But for the price, the Breeze is a wonderfully durable, comfortable boot that will certainly get the job done... Read in-depth reviewSee the Vasque Breeze. Category: All-aroundWeight: 1 lb. 14 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Danner Dry)What we like: Classic Danner looks in a lightweight package.What we don’t: Not as durable or long-lasting as the price would suggest. Danner is best known for their throwback, full-leather boots, but their modernized Mountain 600 has struck a chord with the day hiking crowd. The over-the-ankle design is lightweight at 1 pound 14 ounces for the pair, surprisingly flexible underfoot with a cushioned, trail-runner-inspired sole, and has sharp looks with a full suede upper and quality lacing hardware. An in-house waterproof liner combined with the water-resistant suede helps keep your feet protected from mud and wet grass, while also providing a light boost in warmth for wearing around town in the cold (to the detriment of breathability). As expected considering its casual slant, the Mountain 600 is not intended for high-mileage users. The materials aren’t known for holding up over the long haul, particularly if you subject them to rugged trails. Further, the boot is pretty expensive at $210 when stacked up to more capable, lighter-weight designs like the $180 Trailventure 2 WP or $190 Cross Hike 2 above. But if you prioritize out-of-the-box comfort, styling, and everyday versatility, the Mountain 600 is worth a look. Finally, it’s also worth checking out Danner’s 2650 Trail GTX Mid, which features a sleek and athletic design more reminiscent of a trail runner.See the Danner Mountain 600. Category: All-aroundWeight: 1 lb. 10.1 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Out of the box comfort; protective yet lightweight.What we don’t: Disappointing ankle support and finishes. Salomon’s X Ultra 3 GTX held our top spot for years, and we’d be remiss not to mention their updated X Ultra 4 here. The fourth iteration of this classic boot features a modernized upper, redesigned cuff, and brand-new midsole that prioritizes stability at a low weight. But after wearing the X Ultra 4 during a four-day trek in Southern Patagonia, we hesitate to suggest it as an improvement over the outgoing model. While comfort and protection were highlights, the 4 lacked the high-quality finishes we’ve come to expect from Salomon and fell short in terms of ankle support. Salomon’s update to the X Ultra lineup is an interesting one: Both the shoe and the boot feature an expanded toe box, which was overly roomy even for our wide-footed tester (we recommend sizing down at least a half size), resulting in a clunky and imprecise hiking experience. And while the X Ultra 4 low-top has a premium-looking upper with welded overlays, Salomon opted for a stitched upper on the boot, along with bulky laces and a difficult-to-cinch ankle collar. The result is overall a rather awkward design, and the oversized fit certainly doesn’t help. To be sure, it’s not all bad—we found the X Ultra 4 to be impressively protective and comfortable right out of the box—but the Salomon just doesn't put it all together as well as the picks above... Read in-depth reviewSee the Salomon X Ultra 4 Mid GTX. Category: Mountain/all-aroundWeight: 3 lbs. 1 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Beautifully made and a stalwart on rough terrain.What we don’t: Dated design that’s very heavy. The hiking boot market has been trending away from traditional heavyweight leather designs for years, but there’s still a time and place for these classics. In this category, the Zamberlan Vioz GTX is among the all-time greats. The Italian-made leather construction is gorgeous and built to last, the interior is soft and isolates you amazingly well from a rough trail, and the stiff structure provides reliable support. For long slogs with a serious load or even light mountaineering, the Vioz GTX is a proven choice. Unfortunately for the Vioz, there is good reason why you see fewer of them on the trail these days. A heavy boot makes it that much harder to cover ground, and at 3 pounds 1 ounce, the Vioz weighs more than anything else on this list (and certainly feels like it as the miles add up). In the end, we think even serious backpackers will be better off with boots like the Salomon Quest 4 or Scarpa Rush TRK GTX above in most cases. But the Vioz remains a favorite among traditionalists who want a burly boot, and rest assured that it will be your hiking partner for years to come (you can even resole its Vibram rubber).See the Zamberlan Vioz GTX. In 2023, the vast majority of hiking boots come in both men’s and women’s versions. In general, women’s boots are designed to fit narrower heels and ankles and higher arches, and come in women’s sizing and a different set of colorways. There are also a few hiking boots that were designed specifically with women in mind, including the Oboz Sapphire and KEEN Terradora. While the majority of our female friends wear women’s boots, it’s important to note that some women might be better off opting for a men’s model (this is particularly important for those with high-volume feet and ankles). As with all clothing and footwear, your best bet is to try on before buying. Lightweight
Perhaps no single piece of gear epitomizes the lightweight revolution more clearly than the lightweight hiking boot. These designs are flexible, cushioned (we see a lot of EVA foam here), and—of course—lightweight, which makes them a comfortable and speedy choice for fast-and-light enthusiasts and well-conditioned hikers. And even though some boots in our lightweight category actually look like trail running shoes, it's important to note that they generally feature a noticeably stiffer and more stable underfoot feel—take, for instance, the Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 WP, which features a TPU heel counter and full-length rock plate. However, compared to models in our all-around or mountain categories, lightweight boots are much less supportive and protective overall, and their durability falls particularly short. All-Around
Our all-around category represents the core of the market, running the gamut from lightweight synthetic designs to more traditional leather models. All of these boots extend above the ankle and offer great support and protection by way of sturdy outsoles, relatively stiff midsoles (look for additions like a TPU shank), generous rands and toe bumpers, and robust upper materials. Boots on the lighter end of the spectrum (like La Sportiva's 1-lb.-10.8-oz. Nucleo High II GTX) will feel more sprightly underfoot at the cost of a bit of durability and support, while beefy designs like the 2-pound-2-ounce Lowa Renegade GTX Mid are better for those looking for that traditional hiking boot feel. Most hikers and backpackers will settle for a boot in our all-around category, while those with particular needs can bump up or down to a lightweight or mountain boot. Mountain 
Most of the designs on our list offer ample support for rooty and rocky trails, but when the going gets tougher (think off-trail terrain or sustained snow), you might want a bit more boot. Somewhere on the spectrum between hiking boot and mountaineering boot, designs in our mountain category are the most robust here and go one step further than a traditional hiker in terms of support (slightly taller collars and stiffer midsoles), durability and protection (most feature leather uppers), and traction. Given their rigidity, these boots also pair with aluminum crampons better than more flexible options. Mountain boots will generally be overkill on established trails (the Zamberlan Vioz GTX clocks in at a whopping 3 lbs. 1 oz.), but those venturing into the alpine or carrying a particularly heavy load will appreciate the added performance. Looking at our list above, women’s hiking boots run the gamut from ultralight trail-running-inspired designs like the Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2 (1 lb. 5.2 oz.) to sturdy mountain-ready models that clock in well over 3 pounds for the pair. In general, the weight spec can tell us a lot about a boot: A lighter design will be less protective, supportive, and durable overall, but the benefits include less strain on the body (as the saying goes, a pound on the foot equals five on the back) and more flex and cushion, which often translate to increased comfort. Hikers and backpackers will want to aim for that sweet spot between performance and weight. If you’re sticking to the trail with a light load you can get away with a lightweight hiking boot, while those hauling extra gear or traveling cross-country will appreciate the added support of a heavier boot. Hiking boots are designed to be stable underfoot, which typically involves a firm outsole and a piece of hard plastic inserted between the midsole and outsole, known as a shank. The length of the plastic can vary from just under the arch to the full length of the boot, depending on intended use. The benefit of a stiff boot is that with a solid platform, the feet will not have to work as hard during ascents and descents, and on off-camber terrain. For this reason, boots in our mountain category are among the stiffest here, and a great choice for off-trail travel with a heavy load. On the other end of the spectrum, lightweight boots generally forgo the additional structure of a shank, which translates to greater flexibility but less stability overall. For day hikes on flatter or less technical terrain or if you're aiming to move fast and light, we can’t recommend a lightweight and flexible hiking boot enough. Boots like the Topo Athletic Trailventure or The North Face Vectiv Exploris 2 Mid Futurelight are standouts for these uses, provided that you’re fairly well-conditioned and have no pre-existing ankle issues. As your trips get longer and your pack gets heavier, a more substantial boot that increases ankle support is a better decision, including the Lowa Renegade GTX Mid or Vasque Breeze. On the extreme end, mountain boots like the Salomon Quest 4 or Scarpa Rush TRK GTX are excellent for hiking in areas that require maximum support: off-trail bushwhacking, traversing an exposed area, or trekking over rough ground. The vast majority of hiking boots are waterproof, keeping your feet dry while crossing streams, dodging puddles, or hiking during a light rainstorm. Most designs achieve this by way of a waterproof and breathable membrane inserted just inside the outer fabric. Gore-Tex liners are the most popular and reliable (as seen in designs like the Hoka Anacapa Mid GTX), but even in-house technologies like KEEN's KEEN.Dry are similar in terms of waterproofing performance (however, breathability can suffer with some of these designs). And in addition to the membrane, most boots also feature a water-repellent coating on the outside that helps to bead up and shed water droplets. But before springing for a waterproof boot, it is worth asking if you need the added protection. There are a number of downsides to this technology: The extra layer adds weight, impacts breathability fairly significantly (discussed below), and will run you around $20 to $30 more. Further, if you do happen to get water inside your boot (this can easily happen in deep snow or water), it doesn’t drain as well and won’t dry out nearly as quickly as a non-waterproof option. In the end, we like the added assurance of a waterproof boot for shoulder season hiking or backpacking in the mountains, but recommend a non-waterproof design for summer hikes or uniquely hot and dry environments like the Utah desert. For more on the waterproofing debate, see our article Do You Need Waterproof Hiking Shoes? No matter what marketers say, making a boot waterproof inherently impacts breathability. By keeping water from entering from the outside, less moisture (your sweat) can quickly and easily escape from the inside, which means all forms of waterproof footwear can run warm in the summer months. There are, however, big differences between boot models in their ability to ventilate. We’ve found that heavyweight leather boots with a Gore-Tex lining are often the worst performers, while the Gore-Tex Surround in the mesh-heavy La Sportiva Nucleo High II is a step above. In between, the Lowa Renegade and Salomon Quest 4 both perform decently with their nylon and leather construction and Gore-Tex liners, and are completely suitable for summer backpacking trips. And if you are willing to ditch the waterproof lining altogether, boots like the Merrell Moab 3 Mid and Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2 are great options for hikers and backpackers. Laces are an overlooked feature on hiking boots but play an important role in fit and comfort. Most laces extend to the ankle with standard eyelets and continue up the collar using hooks that come completely undone so you can get in and out of your boot with ease. Some of the more advanced designs feature locking hooks at the crook of the ankle, which both locks your foot in place and allows you to tailor your fit throughout (loose in the forefoot to accommodate for swelling and tight around the ankle for stability, for example). Every so often we see a single-pull speed lace design used in a hiking boot (such as Salomon’s Quicklace in their Cross Hike 2 Mid). While we’re fans of the convenience of the Quicklace system in a hiking shoe, it’s a tricker sell for us on a mid-height boot as you only get one option for tightening or loosening your boots, compared to the versatility of a standard design. A hiking boot’s upper refers to the material above the outsole and the midsole—essentially, all of the fabric that surrounds your foot. Most often, a boot’s upper will be made with a mix of synthetic (typically nylon), mesh, and leather. The type of material correlates directly with the boot’s durability, water resistance and breathability, and weight. Below we spell out the pros and cons for the most common materials used for hiking footwear.Synthetic Nylon and Mesh
Woven nylon as well as open mesh nylon panels are common on boots in our lightweight and all-around categories. These synthetic materials usually excel in terms of breathability and weight savings, and they can dry out more quickly when wet. However, they are not known for their durability, and don’t offer as much protection as a thicker leather boot. Synthetic materials also don’t conform to your foot over time as well as leather, but in most cases, the overall fit is still comfortable and snug. Many designs here feature fully synthetic uppers, while others (like the Salomon Quest 4 GTX) have a mix of synthetic and leather for the best of both worlds. Suede or Nubuck Leather
Suede and nubuck leather have a very similar brushed appearance, and are common sights on hiking boots in our all-around and mountain categories (the lightweight Lone Peak Hiker 2 is also suede). Both materials are lighter and more flexible than traditional full-grain leather, which means they offer more breathability and an easier break-in period, aren't as prone to showing scuff marks, and shave precious ounces from your feet. Expect nubuck to be tougher than suede—suede is derived from the underside of an animal's skin, while nubuck comes from the outside (and is sanded down to achieve the velvet-like finish)—which is the main reason we see it used more in heavy-duty hiking boots. In the end, both materials are great alternatives to thick full-grain leather, and much more prevalent in today's modern boots. Full-Grain Leather
Compared to nubuck and suede, full-grain leather is thicker, stiffer, and tougher overall. You’ll find one-piece leather uppers on high-end boots like the Zamberlan Vioz GTX. These designs are neither lightweight nor particularly breathable, but they’re incredibly tough and water resistant. Leather does require some maintenance to keep in good shape (you’ll want to treat it with a conditioner like Nikwax), but the payoff is a solid construction that’s built to outlast everything else on the market. As an added bonus, some designs can be resoled, so you don’t need to replace the whole boot once you wear down the lugs. Hiking on off-camber terrain or while carrying a heavy load can put a decent amount of stress on your feet, so you’ll want to make sure your hiking boot offers a sturdy platform. Combined with the rubber outsole, the midsole plays an essential role in stability, shock absorption, and protection from sharp rocks underfoot. Depending on the design, midsoles vary from very thin and flexible (as with lightweight boots) to stiff and substantial (like we see in leather mountain boots). Most include EVA foam, TPU, or a combination of both in their construction. EVA
The majority of lightweight hiking boots use EVA foam in the midsole. The cushy, soft material takes some of the sting out of your heel or midfoot impacts and is also extremely lightweight. Not all EVA should be treated equally, and the proprietary versions can vary from super soft to mildly stiff. For logging serious miles on tougher terrain, we prefer a firm and supportive midsole as opposed to too much cushioning. If we’re planning on moving quickly on easy trail, softer cushioning is a better bet and commonly found in trail-running-inspired designs like the Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 WP. However, soft midsoles have a tendency to break down over time, so expect these boots to pack out more quickly than dedicated hiking boots. TPU
For tougher applications or when you want to isolate your feet from rough impacts, manufacturers will use a thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) midsole. This durable material is far less cushy than EVA but provides better protection and stability underfoot—for this reason, it’s common in boots in our all-around and mountain categories but not used in the trail-runner-inspired designs above. Boots with TPU in their midsole will also keep their shape longer and won’t be prone to compressing like EVA. Because both midsole types have valid applications, it’s common for a manufacturer to use a TPU frame or heel for stability and toughness and add in EVA underfoot to increase comfort. One of the hallmarks of a hiking boot is good traction on a variety of terrain. In a way that more casual footwear can never match, hiking and trail running footwear are leaps and bounds better when the going gets rocky, slippery, and steep. Vibram is the gold standard when it comes to outsole rubber, but not all Vibram compounds should be treated equally: The rubber manufacturer tailors their blends and designs for the specific footwear and brands. Some boots have much larger and sharper lugs underfoot for serious grip in mud, while others prioritize sticky rubber for scrambling over rocks. There are also more entry-level options that just do well on easier trails, like the lugs you’ll find on the bottom of the Merrell Moab 3 Mid. Salomon is one brand that doesn’t outsource their traction needs. Instead, they use their in-house Contagrip for all of their hiking and trail running models. We’ve found the level of quality and performance is on par with Vibram’s offerings, from anything from their fast-and-light Cross Hike 2 to the burly Quest 4. Keep in mind that, like Vibram, Contagrip compounds can vary from boot to boot (there are a number of different compounds, including Contagrip MA, MD, and TA). Toe caps or rubber rands cover the front of many hiking boots, and we consider them an essential element of backpacking boot design. These thick pieces of rubber are there to keep your toes in one piece should you accidentally—and in our case, eventually—kick a rock on the trail. Some standouts from our list above include the Scarpa Rush TRK GTX and La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX, which have protection that wraps completely around the front of the foot. To cut weight, some manufacturers will occasionally take away or diminish this feature, including the Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid boots. After stubbing our toe multiple times while scrambling a 14er wearing the Altra, we definitely prefer that it included more substantial toe protection, but it’s just a compromise in opting for a minimalist boot. Getting a proper fit can be a real pain, and in many cases the blame is a generic, flat insole. Thankfully, removing your stock insoles is super easy, and replacing them with an aftermarket model that’s specific to your foot size and shape can remedy most boot maladies. New insoles can provide more or less volume to fill out the boot, improve the fit under the arch, and increase or decrease the cushion and impact shock. We recommend checking out Superfeet insoles for their wide selection of options and trusted reputation in running shoes, ski boots, and hiking footwear. In 2023, one of the main ways that brands are innovating is with sustainable design practices that seek to mitigate our impact on the planet. When it comes to footwear, manufacturers are turning to recycled and recyclable materials for everything from laces and lining to foam midsoles and rubber outsoles. It’s in the interest of brands to advertise their products’ recycled content, and this information can be easily found on product webpages and tags. Another way to shop sustainability is to keep durability in mind—if it fits your hiking style, a boot with a more hardwearing upper and sole might last you twice as long as a lightweight design, which cuts your consumption in half. Finally, it’s worth noting programs like Merrell’s ReTread, which gives you $20 off your next Merrell purchase when you send in your retired footwear (rather than tossing it in the trash). One of the key decisions in choosing hiking footwear is selecting either an over-the-ankle boot or low-top shoe. Each style has its respective strengths, and we use them interchangeably for hiking and backpacking trips. The key differentiators are protection, stability, and weight. For rocky terrain, water crossings, snow, and carrying a heavy backpacking pack—or if you have weak or injured ankles—a boot is our preferred option. On the other hand, a low-top style trims away material and weight, making it the clear choice for those focused on moving fast and light without a large pack (especially in milder weather conditions or on easy trail). Lightweight mid-height designs can be a nice middle ground, with some of the added protection of a boot alongside the nimble feel of a shoe. There isn’t a definite right answer in this debate, but the weight of your gear and style of hiking can make the decision a lot simpler. For more on the topic, see our article on the best women's hiking shoes.Back to Our Top Women's Hiking Boot Picks  Back to Our Women's Hiking Boot Comparison Table.

Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission. Hiking footwear is trendier than ever, which can make it difficult to find trail shoes that are as functional as they are fashionable. We consulted seasoned outdoor experts to find the best women’s hiking boots and shoes for all terrain, from sleek sneakers to waterproof boots and everything in between. The deep-winter off-season is a great time to invest, with many of their most-recommended styles currently on sale. When picking out your pair, Pacific Crest Trail Association communications director Scott Wilkinson advises that “it’s absolutely critical” to maintain circulation in your feet. “The best way to do that is to be sure you get footwear that’s at least one size bigger than what you normally wear,” he says. That advice is especially apt in winter, adds Melissa Goodwin, licensed outdoor guide and the founder of Girl Gotta Hike NYC: “You’re going to want to have room for thicker socks — and as you’re out on a hike all day long, your feet tend to swell, so you want to make sure your toes aren’t rubbing against the shoe.” Speaking of socks, it’s a good idea to invest in some blister-preventing and moisture-wicking wool pairs. Talk to almost any serious hiker or outdoor-gear enthusiast these days, and you’ll hear the same story: stiff and heavy hiking boots are out, flexible and lightweight trail runners are in. “Elite hikers, long-distance hikers — no one is wearing boots above the ankle,” says Dr. Rachel Gross, an assistant professor at the University of Colorado in Denver studying the history of outdoor clothing and gear. Trail runners are essentially grippier, more hiking-specific sneakers, and they’re built for comfort. “In the old days when you bought hiking boots you’d have to wear them around your neighborhood before the hike, to be confident you wouldn’t get blisters,” says Cris Hazzard of HikingGuy.com. “Now it’s the opposite — you can put on a pair of new trail runners and do a long-distance hike.”. That’s not to say boots don’t have their place. In fact, the best hiking boots are so lightweight and comfortable that they may as well be sneakers — except more durable. Rather than wearing out in a few months, they’ll last forever and serve you especially well on wet or gravelly terrain. “If you’re hiking over really rough rocks, a hiking shoe or a more traditional boot would protect your foot,” Hazzard admits. “Sections of rocks on the Appalachian Trail are thin and stacked so you can’t step flat on them, and that’s the case where I’d recommend something beefier, because it shreds shoes quickly.”. Waterproofing has always been the primary feature of hiking boots. “Originally, people would oil them or wax them,” says Hazzard. “Then of course Gore-Tex came out.” An outdoor-gear fixture since the late 1970s, Gore-Tex is a finely woven membrane that locks out moisture while remaining breathable. While they’ll never keep your feet 100 percent dry in the event of full boot submersion, the best waterproof hiking boots will use Gore-Tex or a membrane that’s very similar to it. Yet not everyone wants a waterproof boot these days. The industry is trending toward ventilated boots and sneakers that air out quickly after being submerged. “The idea is you can get the shoe wet — you don’t have to fight to keep your feet dry,” says Hazzard. “In the old days, if I was trying to keep my feet dry, I’d be looking for a log or rock to get across a stream. Now I can just plow through and let my feet dry once I get out.” If a wet shoe doesn’t sound ideal to you, that’s okay — we’ve included both waterproof and non-waterproof options on this list. Because you’ll no doubt encounter slippery slopes on your hiking adventures, we also looked for shoes and boots with deep traction, taking note of lug length in particular. Also key to maintaining good traction is lacing, says footwear and product designer Mark Britton. Laced boots and runners will have a tighter, more customized fit, which is why you won’t see leather Chelsea boots on this list. Style: Mid-calf boot | Waterproofing: Gore-Tex ﻿| Traction: Deep lugs. Bringing together the best qualities of old-school boots and new-school trail runners, these hardy hiking shoes from Salomon feature deep lugs that’ll grip onto any terrain, a reinforced toe, and breathable Gore-Tex to keep your feet nice and dry. Yet despite these features, they’re super-flexible on the foot. Writer and outdoor enthusiast Jael Goldfine recently section-hiked New York on the Appalachian Trail in a brand-new pair,and confirms they broke in immediately. “They’re built like sneakers but have the support and tough exterior of a hiking boot,” she says. “They were immediately comfortable.” Mark Whitman of Mountain IQ also told us that he wears his pair in all seasons. Style: Over-the-ankle boot | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Medium lugs. “A lot of Outward Bound instructors are now moving to Altra’s Lone Peak line,” says an Outward Bound logistics coordinator who splits her time between frigid northern Minnesota and the desert by Big Bend National Park in Texas. Though the Utah brand is known for its trail runners, it also makes ankle boots using the same lightweight tech, and this pair is especially waterproof and durable, thanks to a Gore-Tex-like membrane called eVent. Though these boots likely won’t outlast the Salomons above, they’re 0.9 pounds lighter. Style: Over-the-ankle boot | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Deep lugs. Waterproof, sturdy, and relatively affordable, the Merrell Moab (a.k.a. “Mother of all Boots”) is a classic of the hiking footwear genre for a reason. “Merrells are really easy to come by, and they’re always in stock,” Goodwin says. “They don’t take a long time to break in because they’re flexible from the get-go.” For this reason, “they’re a lot of people’s first hiking shoe,” and if you’re not planning on doing anything particularly technical, you could easily keep wearing them for life. Style: Sneaker | Waterproofing: Non-waterproof | Traction: Medium lugs. If you’re more of a trail runner, Altra’s Lone Peaks are the sneakers to get. “They’re lightweight and have no break-in time,” attests Chelsea Rizzo, co-founder of women’s hiking brand Hikerkind. Jennifer West, a positive-movement coach and trainer, is also a fan. “If I decide to do some thru-hiking, I choose Altra Lone Peak trail runners,” she says. “They’re what’s called ‘zero drop,’ meaning the elevation of the toe of my foot in the shoe is the same elevation as the heel. This gives me a more natural gait and is so much better for the knees, back, and hips.” Altra’s Lone Peaks are especially known for their splayed-out toe box, which gives a lot of wiggle room — vital for increasing circulation whether you’re walking or running. West gives them additional points for bouncy, cushioned soles and “crazy-good lugs for gripping the trail.” These much-hyped sneakers even feature reinforced toes for protection against rocks. Style: Ankle-height shoe | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Medium lugs. Don’t require ankle support? Though not explicitly designed for trail running, these waterproof hiking low-tops “feel like you’re wearing tennis shoes,” according to Stephanie Harper, an outdoors enthusiast based in Asheville, North Carolina, who spends most weekends with her husband and four kids hiking and camping. “They’re lightweight and form to your foot without risking stability.”. Style: Ankle-height shoe | Waterproofing: Water-resistant leather | Traction: Deep lugs. A little cheaper than the Vasque pair above, these mesh-and-leather shoes are both lightweight and rugged. Avid hiker Anita Mahaffey is one of the three women who recommended Keens to us. “I was just telling my husband today that they feel like slippers,” she says. Style: Over-the-ankle boot | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Deep lugs. While Goodwin is loyal to her Altra trail runners in the summer, spring, and fall, during winter, she admits that a waterproof ankle boot becomes necessary on muddy and snowy trails. “Keens are my go-to,” she says. “If you’re more of a trail runner like me, they’re a good fit because they tend to have a wider toe box, just like Altras or Hokas.” Made from leather with a breathable and odor-reducing waterproof membrane, these boots (alongside a pair of toasty wool socks) are still lightweight enough for anyone used to doing most of their physical activity in sneakers. Style: Over-the-ankle boot | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Medium lugs. We also like these mid-calf hiking boots from the same brand, which are designed specifically with women’s feet in mind, being narrower through the heel while still allowing some wiggle room around the toe. Sophie Radcliffe, an endurance athlete and avid hiker, loves her pair both for their comfort and the fact that “the company has a massive commitment to sustainability.”. Style: Ankle-height shoe | Waterproofing: Non-waterproof | Traction: Deep lugs. Hazzard pointed us to these classic low-rise Merrell Moabs, available in two widths. “A pain point literally and figuratively of older-style hiking boots is that they’re narrow,” he says. “That’s a surefire way to get blisters — it will compress your foot, there’s going to be friction.” Instead, a lot of people will do much better with a wider toe box. “If you take a bare foot and put all your weight on it, the bone stretches and splays out, and that’s natural when you walk,” he points out. “So you’ll want something that has the room and does not confine your foot.”. Style: Mid-calf boot | Waterproofing: Gore-Tex | Traction: Medium lugs. For those who like to feel that bounce as they walk, Hokas are known for their chunky cushioned soles. “They are great shoes when either your foot’s injured and you need something with extra cushion, or if you don’t have the miles on your legs, but have signed up for a long trail,” says Hazzard. “They’re very forgiving, very cushy — it’s like walking on a little mattress. It’s great for when you have to drastically increase your mileage without physically being prepared for it.” Strategist senior editor Simone Kitchens has a pair of these boots too, and especially loves them for winter hiking: “They look like a lot of shoe, but are incredibly lightweight and super agile.”. Style: Over-the-ankle boot | Waterproofing: Waterproof membrane | Traction: Deep lugs. The On Cloud brand is best known for its cult-favorite running shoes, which are unusually lightweight and grippy with cushioned soles. These hiking boots have that same bouncy (and indeed rather cloudlike) feel, but with added ankle support. I’ve owned a pair since 2018 and have worn them in the Utah desert, Californian redwood forests, and Patagonian mountains. They’re protective and supportive, especially around the toes and ankle, yet without that restrictive and heavy work-boot feel. Actress Hilary Swank, who lives in Colorado and considers herself something of an outdoorsperson, is also a fan. She calls the design “a game changer because it isn’t too tight around my ankles so it doesn’t hurt, but it gives me support.” Also, “the waterproofing is excellent.” While my pair have some signs of external wear and tear, they remain functional after years of use on all kinds of terrain. Style: Mid-calf boot | Waterproofing: Water-resistant leather | Traction: Low lugs. “If you’re looking for one boot to rule them all, the vintage styling of the Danner Mountain Light is iconic, and the one-piece leather design makes for a sturdy boot that can handle anything,” says Zina Bougri, an account manager at Backcountry. “They’re the boots Reese Witherspoon is wearing in the movie Wild. Once these babies mold to your feet, if you’re invested in the process, they should be absolutely comfortable within a month, if not just a few weeks.” If you’ve seen Wild, though, you’ll recall that Reese deals with a fair few blisters on her journey toward self-discovery — for that reason, we’d definitely recommend (again) that you size up. Style: Optional traction system | Waterproofing: None | Traction: Metal spikes. For winter hiking, says Goodwin, “you might want to carry microspikes to put on your boots.” Even if you think you’re in for a mild winter hike, changing elevations can be surprising. “The difference in the amount of snow can be really massive within just a couple of miles,” she adds. “And the conditions can be totally different upstate compared to Brooklyn.” She refers to these spikes from Kahtoola as a reliable, “tried-and-true” option for increasing your traction on slippery surfaces. Style: Snowshoe | Waterproofing: None | Traction: Metal crampons. And if you’re at serious elevation, you might also consider a pair of snowshoes for alpine hiking. Goodwin says that this lightweight but highly durable pair from MSR is “the best of the best,” and while they “come at a pretty high price tag, they will last you forever.”. • Zina Bougri, former account manager, Backcountry• Mark Britton, footwear and product designer• Jael Goldfine, writer and outdoor enthusiast• Dr. Rachel Gross, assistant professor, the University of Colorado• Melissa Goodwin, founder, Girl Gotta Hike NYC• Stephanie Harper, outdoors enthusiast• Cris Hazzard, founder, HikingGuy.com• Simone Kitchens, Strategist senior editor• Anita Mahaffey, hiker• Sophie Radcliffe, endurance athlete and hiker• Chelsea Rizzo, co-founder, Hikerkind• Hilary Swank, actress• Jennifer West, positive-movement coach• Mark Whitman, founder, Mountain IQ• Scott Wilkinson, communications director, Pacific Crest Trail Association. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s wardrobe basics, white T-shirts for women, ultra-flattering pants, jeans for women, gray T-shirt, invisible underwear, and the most flattering things. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

We tend to prefer light and breathable shoes for most of our summer hikes, but hiking boots have a solid place in our gear repertoire. Hiking boots offer greater durability than a lot of other footwear for long-term use, better weather protection for cold/wet conditions, and provide more support for rugged off-trail terrain. Our team of experts tests and analyzes gear full-time. In this guide, we’ll use our on-trail experience to make it easy for you to find the best hiking boots for your needs. Last updated: March 19, 2023. The Lowa Renegade GTX are rugged enough for off-trail adventures & will last for years of adventure. Check out this quick list of the best hiking boots, or continue scrolling to see our full list of favorites with in-depth reviews. Best hiking boots overall: Salomon Quest 4 GTX. Best lightweight hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX. Best hiking boots for backpacking with a heavy load: Lowa Renegade GTX. Best budget hiking boots: Vasque Breeze. Affordable & breathable hiking boots: Merrell Moab 3. Sturdy, lightweight hiking boots with great traction: La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. Best wide hiking boots: KEEN Targhee III WP. Durable hiking boots with supportive insoles: Oboz Bridger BDry. Best ultralight hiking boots: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2. Excellent balance of weight & durability: Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. The Oboz Bridgers come with premium insoles & are some of the most supportive hiking boots you’ll find. COMFORT & FIT - Fit is very personal, so what works for some people may not be the best option for others. In general the most comfortable hiking boots give your toes some room to spread, have cushioning that supports your foot shape, and have some flex in the upper so it moves with your foot. Most comfortable hiking boots that don’t require much breaking in: Vasque Breeze, Salomon X Ultra 4, La Sportiva Nucleo, Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2 & Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. Best hiking boots with a wide fit: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2, KEEN Targhee III & Merrell Moab 3. Most supportive hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4 GTX, Lowa Renegade GTX, La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX & Oboz Bridger BDry ﻿. The lightweight Salomon X Ultras feel like a cross between burly trail runners & hiking boots. PRICE - High-quality footwear can be expensive, but we’re usually willing to spring for it because the success of our adventures depends on having happy, healthy feet. Cheap footwear tends to be less breathable, falls apart easily, and is more likely to create blisters and other foot problems. We recommend spending a bit more if you’re able as it will be cheaper than replacing blown out and ill-fitting boots in the long run. You can expect quality craftmanship and performance from all of the hiking boots on this list. Best mid-range hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 4, KEEN Targhee III WP, Oboz Bridger, Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2 & Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. Best budget hiking boots: Vasque Breeze & Merrell Moab 3. Best high-end hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4, La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX & Lowa Renegade. The Salomon Quest 4 are spendy, but the quality is worth it if you’ll use them a lot. WEIGHT - Weight on your feet zaps about 5 times more energy than weight carried on your back. Lighter hiking boots mean less muscle fatigue, less stumbling, and they can help avoid knee and hip flexor problems. That’s not to say that heavier boots are bad though. If you do a lot of hiking off-trail or you tend to carry a heavier pack, you may want to go with a more burly and durable boot. Best ultralight hiking boots: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2 & Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. Best lightweight hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 4, Merrell Moab 3 & KEEN Targhee III. Best heavy-duty hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4D 3 & Lowa Renegade. The Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR are much lighter than traditional hiking boots. ANKLE SUPPORT - Most research says that if you want to prevent ankle injuries, you should focus on strengthening and stretching your ankles. That said, boots with more ankle support can help prevent rolled ankles and they sit higher up to better keep water out. For hikers looking for the added support, you should pick a boot that sits higher up on the ankle and be sure to tie the laces tightly. Hiking boots with the best ankle support: Salomon Quest 4, Vasque Breeze, Lowa Renegade, Oboz Bridger & La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. The Lowa Renegades are a bit stiff at first, but they’re very comfortable after a short break-in period. DURABILITY & MATERIALS - Hiking boots can be a big investment, so finding a durable pair will help you get the most bang for your buck. Traditional leather hiking boots are almost always going to be more durable than lightweight footwear. But if keeping weight low is important to you, look for a pair of hiking boots with reinforced mesh in the construction to get the best balance of weight and durability. Most durable hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4, Salomon X Ultra 4, Lowa Renegade, La Sportiva Nucleo High II, Vasque Breeze, Oboz Bridger & Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. The Vasque Breeze provide ample ankle support & require almost no break-in time. WATERPROOF VS NON-WATERPROOF - Some of the boots on this list come in both waterproof and non-waterproof versions. Waterproof hiking boots can be a real lifesaver if you often hike in wet, muddy areas. We like using them for muddy day hikes in shoulder seasons and in the snow during winter. That said, waterproof boots aren’t very breathable so they can be a bit stuffy on hot days. They can also get heavy and be slow to dry when they get wet. Non-waterproof hiking boots are lighter and more breathable, and though they’re susceptible to getting wet, they dry fairly quickly. For occasions where we’d choose boots, we usually reach for waterproof ones. But if you do most of your hiking in the drier months, you’ll probably be more comfortable with non-waterproof. Best waterproof hiking boots: Vasque Breeze, Salomon X Ultra 4, Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2, Lowa Renegade & Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX. Best non-waterproof hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 3 Aero & Merrell Moab 3. The Oboz Bridger BDry are exceptionally grippy & have excellent arch support. BEST HIKING BOOTS OVERALL. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 10.9 oz. PROS: Excellent ankle support, stable, durable, excellent traction, supportive soles, good for backpacking with a heavier load. CONS: Heavier than some, require some break-in. BOTTOM LINE: The Salomon Quest 4 GTX offer some of the most robust ankle support of any of the hiking boots on our list, so they’re a great choice for hikers wanting maximum stability. Their durable materials and aggressive traction - in combination with that supportive design - will keep you moving confidently on the most rugged terrain. These boots are on the heavier side, but that can be a benefit if you tend to hike with a backpack that’s 40 lbs. and above. More burly hiking boots like the Quests won’t lose their support under a heavier load like lightweight footwear does. And the Quests still feel more nimble than the other more traditional boots on our list thanks to their well-balanced design. The Quests come at a high price, but they’re very worth the cost as you’ll be getting a solid pair of hiking boots that will remain comfortable and supportive over thousands of miles. BEST LIGHTWEIGHT HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 1 lb. 15.4 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: Runs large (size down by ½ if you’re on the edge); wide sizes available. PROS: No break-in needed, excellent traction, ultralight, durable, stable, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Less ankle support than some. BOTTOM LINE: Comfort is the name of the game with the Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX boots. They’re flexible, they feel great right out of the box, and they’re exceptionally lightweight for boots, so they’re an excellent choice for backpackers who keep their pack weight around 35 lbs. or under. The X Ultras aren’t as supportive as the burlier models on this list, but they’ll feel like a dream for those looking for the best balance of protection and cushioning. And while the flexible collar allows for more movement around the ankle, the wing at the midfoot still provides stability for confidence on uneven terrain. Overall, we’re very impressed with the X Ultras, and we highly recommend them for anyone wanting a lightweight hiking boot that’s comfy enough for long distances with a lighter load. BEST HIKING BOOTS FOR BACKPACKING WITH A HEAVY LOAD. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 6.1 oz. SIZING: True to size; available in narrow & wide sizes. PROS: Supportive, durable, excellent traction, stable, excellent ankle support, stylish, good for backpacking with a heavier load. CONS: Heavier than some, expensive, require longer break-in period. BOTTOM LINE: The Lowa Renegade GTX is a wildly popular boot that offers nearly unmatched durability and foot protection for hikers who regularly tackle tough terrain with a heavier load. The Renegades come in at a steep price, but their exceptional durability make them well worth the cost since you won’t need to buy another pair of boots for a good long while.  We often find that boots with this level of support can feel a bit restrictive, but  that’s not the case with the Renegades. These boots are quite comfortable to wear for long periods after some breaking-in. If top-tier ankle support and stability are what you’re after, the Lowa Renegades deliver in spades. And of course it doesn’t hurt that they look great while doing it. BEST BUDGET HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lb. 3.9 oz. OPTIONS: Breeze LT NTX (lightweight version). SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: Affordable, breathable, durable, supportive, excellent traction, very little break-in required, stable. CONS: Heavier than some. BOTTOM LINE: The Vasque Breeze has returned due to popular demand, and the latest iteration puts a fresh spin on the tried-and-true original design. The newest Breeze is made with recycled materials and sports a more affordable price than previous versions. What really stands out about the Breeze compared to other hiking boots is how breathable they are for waterproof footwear. Mesh panels throughout the boots help your feet thermoregulate and allow them to dry faster when they get wet. These boots are also comfortable right out of the box - they require very little break-in since they’re lightweight and flexible. With so much goodness at such an approachable price, we expect to see a ton of Breeze boots out on the trails for years to come. If you’re looking to go a little lighter, we also like the LT Version which weighs about 50% less. AFFORDABLE & BREATHABLE HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 0.5 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size; fit runs a little wide/high-volume & wider sizes are available. PROS: Affordable, very little break-in required, durable, breathable. CONS: Not as supportive as some, a bit bulky. BOTTOM LINE: Don’t mistake the low price of the Merrell Moab 3 GTXs to mean lower quality. These tried-and-true hiking boots have reigned as the top choice for budget-conscious hikers for as long as we can remember. The Moabs are our top recommendation if you’re after a midweight boot for day hiking. They’re comfortable, durable, they require very little break-in before they’re trail-ready, and they’re decently breathable for waterproof boots. Because they feel a little more bulky than some of our lightweight favorites, they aren’t our first choice for big-mile days. But they’ll last a long time, and they’re some of our go-tos for day hikes and weekend trips when the weather and trail call for more protection than a hiking shoe can offer. STURDY, LIGHTWEIGHT HIKING BOOTS WITH GREAT TRACTION. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 2.3 oz. SIZING: True to size, fits a little narrow; wide sizes available. PROS: Excellent traction, very lightweight for how rugged they are, breathable, good ankle support, durable, stylish, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Require some break-in, expensive. BOTTOM LINE: Hikers who frequently tackle tough terrain will appreciate the above-average traction and lightweight support of the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX boots. The Nucleos are exceptionally lightweight for how durable they are, and they’re decently breathable for waterproof boots. The high collar of the Nucleos provides ample ankle support, but their low weight keeps them feeling nimble and comfy enough for all-day wear. Whether you’re hitting the trail for a multi-day hike or just heading out for the day, these stylish boots are ready for adventure. The upper and soles are somewhat stiff, so you may want to add aftermarket insoles if you prefer a soft, cushioned feeling underfoot. But overall, we find the Nucleos extremely comfortable and highly recommend them for hikers looking for a boot with a good balance of traditional boot burliness and modern footwear low weight. BEST WIDE-FIT HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 1 lb. 15.3 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size; fit runs a little wide/high-volume & wider sizes are available. PROS: Excellent traction, very little break-in required, very beefy toe cap, secure fit. CONS: Less supportive at the ankle than other boots, less durable than some. BOTTOM LINE: If you like a boot with a little extra wiggle room in the toe, the KEEN Targhee III Mid WP may be just the right fit. They’re designed with an extra wide toe box - wider sizes are also available - and they require very little break-in to achieve a comfy-all-day fit. The lacing system on the Targhees includes a unique band that attaches behind the heel to provide a secure, locked-in feeling that helps with stability on uneven terrain. And the varied lug pattern on the sole provides superb traction on all manner of trail. Those who like a lot of ankle support will probably find them to be a little less protective than other boots on this list, but we view them as a good balance between support and flexibility. Overall, hikers looking for a wide-fitting boot at a great value price won’t be disappointed by the Targhees. DURABLE HIKING BOOTS WITH SUPPORTIVE INSOLES. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 5.4 oz. SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: Excellent traction, durable, supportive, stable. stout toe cap. CONS: Heavier than some, stiff, requires longer break-in period, cuff height restricts movement. BOTTOM LINE: From the premium insoles to the unique traction pattern, the Oboz Bridger BDry are designed to be extremely supportive and versatile. The soles have deep, multidirectional lugs that extend over the sides of the outsole to provide grip no matter what angle your foot strikes the ground. The Bridgers require a longer break-in period than some, but they make up for it in long-term durability. Even after breaking-in, the Bridgers are more stiff than many other boots on this list, but we see this as a good thing if you’re looking for extra support. The rigid design will help prevent shaky footing and ankle rolls. The Bridgers are made for those who need a dependable and supportive boot for backpacking with a heavier pack or for challenging day hikes over rough trails. BEST ULTRALIGHT HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 1 lb. 6.8 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size, has a wide toe box. PROS: Ultralight, wide toe box, no break-in required, flexible, excellent traction, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Less durable than some (waterproof membrane wears out quicker than others), less supportive than others. BOTTOM LINE: The Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mids are much lighter and less bulky than traditional boots. So they’re perfect for hikers and backpackers who are after the extra protection and waterproofing of a boot without the need for burly support. The waterproof layer is an eVent membrane which is a bit more breathable than the more common GORE-TEX, but it’s not quite as durable. That said, we find the flexibility and low weight of the Lone Peaks to be well worth that tradeoff when we’re logging lots of miles. The latest iteration of these shoes is more supportive than previous models, but the Lone Peaks offer a lower level of support overall than some of the beefier boots on our list. For fast and light adventures that call for more protection than a trail runner can provide, the Lone Peaks can’t be beat. EXCELLENT BALANCE OF WEIGHT & DURABILITY. WEIGHT (PAIR): 1 lb. 9.8 oz. SIZING: True to size; fits a bit narrow. PROS: Lightweight, very little break-in required, durable, flexible, excellent traction, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Less supportive than some, may be too narrow for some. BOTTOM LINE: The Salewa Alpenrose 2 GTX have an unrivaled balance of weight and durability. The material of these hiking boots contains Kevlar cables in the upper, which gives them comparable durability to full-grain leather boots without weighing you down. The Alpenrose break in quickly and are much more flexible than many others afterward. So while they’re not as supportive as some of the more burly boots on our list, hikers who just want the extra waterproofing and protection of a high cut boot - without all the stiffness - will love these. The Salewa Alpenrose boots have a deep, highly varied traction pattern with sticky lugs, so they work well on most types of terrain (but they’re especially at home on rocky mountain trails). These boots are one of our top picks for backpacking with a lighter load around 30 lbs. or less. The Merrell Moabs are affordable & durable. The following hiking boots didn’t make our final list, but they’re very popular, and they’ve still got a lot of good things going for them. You never know, one of these pairs of boots might be your perfect fit:. Oboz Sapphire BDry - The Oboz Sapphire are stylish hiking boots with good support in the arch and ankle, and they’re lighter than many other offerings from Oboz. Danner Mountain 600 - These midweight hiking boots have iconic style. They’re known for exceptional durability, but we didn’t feel they stood out in performance categories. Columbia Newton Ridge Plus WP Leather - These boots are a good choice for casual hikers on a budget. They’re comfortable and they look great, but they’re far less supportive and durable than many other boots. Scarpa Zodiac Plus GTX - The Scarpa Zodiac Plus are a hybrid of hiking/mountaineering/approach boots. They excel on the most technical of terrain, but they’re overkill for most hikers’ needs. Salewa Alpenrose 2 - lightweight and stylish boots with excellent traction, made with very high-quality materials. Sporting the stylish Salewa Alpenrose 2 for a dayhike in the Columbia River Gorge. BOOTS VS. SHOES VS. TRAIL RUNNERS - Hiking footwear is a really personal choice, and people often have differing opinions on what type of shoe works best for hiking. We tend to prefer lightweight trail runners since they’re more comfortable to hike long distances in and they’re typically more breathable. Traditional hiking boots - especially those made with leather - are going to be more durable, but they’re typically significantly heavier/bulkier. Here’s an article that will help you decide which style works best for you. SIZING - Feet can swell during long days on the trail, so it’s good to buy hiking footwear at least a half size larger than your normal shoes. A good way to test sizing on your boots is to loosen all the laces, situate your foot so that your toes touch the front of the toe box, and then make sure you can put your index finger between your heel and the back of the boot. This will ensure that your toes don’t slide forward and hit the toe box on downhill sections of trail. You should also consider which socks you’ll be wearing and if you’ll be adding aftermarket insoles when choosing a size. It’s much better for footwear to be a little big than too small. Checking the fit on the Vasque Breeze - SLIGHTLY LOOSE SHOES ARE FAR BETTER THAN TIGHT. BREAK-IN PERIOD - You’re going to take thousands of steps on any backpacking or hiking trip, so you need to know that your footwear will fit comfortably and won’t cause blisters. We recommend buying your footwear at least a few weeks before any long hiking trips and spending as much time in them as you can. This will allow your new hiking boots to soften up, and you can make sure they work well for your feet. If you notice any issues, it’s much easier to address them before you head into the backcountry. Comparing the lightweight Merrell Ontario WP to the heavy-duty Salomon Quest 4 GTX. TRACTION - Traction is one of the most important aspects of backpacking and hiking footwear. Your hiking boots will take you over narrow and rocky ridgelines, through slippery water crossings, and across loose scree fields. Knowing that your footwear will keep you from slipping is crucial, especially over washed out or exposed sections of trail. We heavily factored quality traction into all of our footwear recommendations. Comparing tread patterns on the Oboz Bridger, Salomon Quest 4, La Sportiva Nucleo High, & Vasque Breeze. MANAGING MOISTURE & BLISTERS - If you’re on an extended trip with lots of water crossings or hiking in persistently wet conditions, your feet will likely get wet whether your footwear is waterproof or not. Wet feet can lead to hot spots and blisters, so it's critical to know how to manage moisture, prevent, and treat blisters. It’s fine to dunk a tootsie or two in a river with waterproof boots, but remember that “waterproof” doesn’t mean water can never get into your shoe. WATERPROOFING TREATMENTS - Waterproof footwear is ideal for soggy day hikes, but it’s important to remember that “waterproof” doesn’t mean that water can never get in. Water will always find a way in during a prolonged downpour and light rain can drip down your legs and into the top of your boots. Even the highest quality boots will develop small holes that allow moisture to creep in over time. Waterproof treatments are not permanent, you’ll eventually need to reapply a treatment to keep your shoes sealed. SOCKS - We’ve found that wearing quality socks makes a big difference in how long we can keep our feet happy and in good shape on trail. Hiking socks should be comfortable, durable, and made with materials that wick moisture away from your skin. Check out our Best Hiking Socks list to see our top picks. choosing the right socks makes a big difference in comfort while hiking. INSOLES - Aftermarket insoles can help alleviate a variety of shoe discomforts on the trail. If you suffer from plantar fasciitis or you just need more cushioning and support in an otherwise rigid shoe, swapping insoles may be your solution. Insoles can also help take up a little extra space in footwear for a customized fit if you’re between sizes. If you plan to add aftermarket insoles to your boots, make sure the size you choose can accommodate them. If you liked this list, you’ll love the CleverHiker Gear Guide where we test and recommend tons of outdoor adventure gear from a variety of categories. here are some links to popular articles:. 10 Best Backpacking Tents. 10 Best Sleeping Bags and Quilts. 10 Best Sleeping Pads. 10 Best Backpacking Packs. 10 Best Backpacking Stoves. CleverHiker Top Gear Picks. We fully understand how tough it is to find trustworthy gear advice, and that’s one of the main reasons we built CleverHiker. We live for outdoor adventure, and we take these guides very seriously. Here are some of the reasons you can trust us:. Our choices are completely independent and based on personal experience. We’ve logged over 10,000 trail miles and test outdoor gear for a living. We own and field test every product we recommend, which is sadly not the norm. We travel to industry trade shows to learn about upcoming product innovations. We constantly update our guides when new products launch. We treat our recommendations as if they were for our family and friends. We’re lifelong learners and we’re always open to constructive criticism. If you think we’ve missed a product or got something wrong, we’d love to hear your feedback. Wearing Merrell’s Ontario WP for a hike in central Oregon. We hope this guide helps you find the perfect gear for your needs. If you have more questions or a suggestion, we’d love to hear from you! Sign up for our newsletter to stay updated on our latest posts then visit our Facebook page and Instagram to join the community conversation. If you found this guide helpful, please give it a share on social media! Also, be sure to check out our CleverHiker Gear Guide to see all of our top gear picks. Thanks for reading and happy trails! Casey Handley is an avid outdoor adventurer and self-described gear nerd. She’s hiked thousands of miles on trails across America, including the Appalachian Trail, John Muir Trail, Colorado Trail, and Long Trail. The crinkle of a new Dyneema tent, the smell of Doug fir trees, and shaving an ounce off her pack weight are some of her favorite things. Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, which means we may receive a modest commission if purchases are made through those links. This adds no cost to our readers and helps us keep our site up and running. Our reputation is our most important asset, which is why we only provide completely honest and unbiased recommendations. Lightweight backpacking video guides and reviews of the best ultralight tents, backpacks, sleeping bags, stoves, and more. We're Dave & Annie, the outdoor adventurers behind CleverHiker. We love backpacking, international travel, useful gear, and all things nature. Read more... New videos, trip reports, gear reviews, inspiring stories and more. We respect your privacy. Follow CleverHiker on Facebook to catch our latest updates & shares. Keep up with our latest tutorials and gear reviews on YouTube. Social media is great, but our bi-weekly newsletter is a much better way to stay in the know. Sign up to get our curated emails with the best content from CleverHiker and around the backpacking world. You'll be turned on to new videos, trip reports, gear reviews, inspiring outdoor stories and much more. So get in the mix! We respect your privacy. CleverHiker.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. © CleverHiker.com 2023 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - 100%.

We use affiliate links and may receive a small commission on purchases. Read more about us. Hiking boots are critical to your comfort and performance on the trail, but this no longer means a stiff and burly model that will weigh you down. The trend is toward lighter materials that still offer decent support, and waterproof boots are the most popular by far (some are offered in a non-waterproof version for hiking in hot or dry climates). Our picks for the best hiking boots of 2023 below are broken down into three categories: lightweight boots for day hiking and fastpacking, midweight options that work well for most backpacking trips, and heavyweights for rough terrain or hauling a large load. For more information, see the comparison table and buying advice below the picks. If you prefer to go even lighter and faster, check out our article on the best hiking shoes. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 14 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Fast, light, flexible, and reasonably priced.What we don’t: Thinner underfoot and less stable than the Salomon Quest 4 below. Built like a trail running shoe but with added ankle support and protection, the Salomon X Ultra 4 Mid is our favorite all-around hiking boot for 2023. Updated last spring with a sleeker upper and revised chassis, the latest version of the boot offers an impressive combination of comfort and low weight—all while retaining solid toe protection, stability, and well-rounded traction. You also get Salomon build quality, which we’ve found tends to stand up to more abuse on the trail than other boots in this weight and price range. For fast-moving day hikers, lightweight backpackers, and even thru-hikers, we heartily recommend the X Ultra 4 Mid. Naturally, there are a few compromises that come with the X Ultra’s lightweight construction. The most significant is the lack of underfoot protection, which is thinner than the burly Salomon Quest 4 and max-cushioned Hoka Anacapa below. In addition, the X Ultra is fairly flexible and doesn’t sit as high on the ankle as the Quest, so it isn’t as supportive over technical terrain or when carrying a heavy pack. However, it beats out other ultralight options like the Altra Lone Peak in durability, protection, and support. And a final bonus: The X Ultra is one of the few lightweight designs that is made in wide sizes... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's X Ultra 4 Mid GTX  See the Women's X Ultra 4 Mid GTX. Category: Light/midweightWeight: 2 lb. 0.7 oz.Waterproof: Yes (M Select DRY)What we like: Standout price for a proven and extremely comfortable day hiking boot.What we don’t: Lacks the nimble feel of many modern alternatives. For day hikers and lightweight backpackers who stick mostly to maintained trails, our top value pick is the Merrell Moab 3. What makes this boot so popular is its foot-friendly, comfortable feel and reliable trail chops at such a reasonable price. For $145, you get great cushioning underfoot and around the collar, trusty Vibram outsoles, and Merrell’s in-house waterproof membrane (an upgraded Gore-Tex model is available for $165). The Moab was updated to the "3" last year, but they didn't fuss much with the proven design. Notable changes include greater use of recycled fabrics—including the mesh lining and laces—and slightly more aggressive traction. What are the downsides of the Moab 3 Mid WP? Compared to some of the pricier models on this list, the boot is lacking in support for carrying a heavy load or scrambling on rocky or rough trails. Second, it feels heavier than its actual weight: All the cushioning and thick materials make the boot feel clunky and dated when compared to a nimble and modern alternative like the X Ultra 4 above or Hoka’s Anacapa below. But for a significant discount, the Moab offers the right mix of comfort and performance for many day and weekend adventures... Read in-depth review See the Men's Merrell Moab 3  See the Women's Merrell Moab 3. Category: Mid/heavyweightWeight: 2 lb. 14.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Tough, protective, and supportive yet comfortable; excellent lacing system.What we don't: Pretty heavy and overkill for most day hiking. If you’re in the market for a tough boot for serious day hiking and backpacking, Salomon’s Quest 4 GTX is the whole package. The fourth generation of the line features a top-notch performance fit, aggressive stance, and one of our all-time favorite lacing systems—the eyelets at the base of the ankle do an excellent job locking your heel in place. In addition, the latest model (released in 2021) has a modernized yet very durable upper, and the cushioning and protection underfoot impressed us on rocky trails, when hauling a heavy load, and on high-mileage days. Taken together, the Quest is a burly boot that truly excels in the backcountry. Despite trimming off about an ounce per boot from the previous version (comparing men’s size 9 models that we tested), the Quest 4 still sits solidly in our midweight category. It’s ideal for demanding hikes and backpacking trips that feature steep climbs and descents and off-trail adventuring while carrying a full pack. But the boot is a bit overbuilt for people that don’t need the extra protection or want to move fast and light on well-maintained trails. Those folks will be better off with a lighter and nimbler boot option like Salomon's own X Ultra 4 Mid GTX above... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Salomon Quest 4 GTX  See the Women's Salomon Quest 4 GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 2 lb. 0 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Extremely cushioned and comfortable, great lacing system and fit, and smooth ride.What we don’t: Some outsole durability issues and polarizing looks. Well, oh well, hiking boots sure are getting more fun of late. Popular running shoe brand Hoka, which is known for its lightweight and cushioned designs, has made a serious push in the hiking footwear market. Our favorite from their lineup is the Anacapa Mid, which features Hoka’s well-known springy midsole, a rockered shape for a smooth ride on the trail, and a beefed-up construction that includes durable nubuck leather and a Gore-Tex waterproof liner. In testing the Anacapa on a backpacking trip in Colorado’s San Juan Mountains, we were pleased with its fast-moving personality that nicely mixes a trail runner-like feel with plenty of protection and a very secure over-the-ankle lacing system. Our main concern with the Anacapa is durability and, more specifically, the longevity of its outsole. The majority of the tread is quality Vibram rubber, but Hoka incorporated large sections of blown rubber in the middle of the design. Blown rubber is common on road running footwear and is almost foam-like in feel. As a result, our pair has already received pretty significant damage from rocky trail use. To be fair, we took the boots on a rather ambitious ridgeline scramble, but the outsole still strikes us as a weakness in the build. All told, if you stick mostly to established trails and prioritize cushy comfort and a nimble feel, the Anacapa is well worth a try... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Hoka Anacapa Mid GTX  See the Women's Hoka Anacapa Mid. Category: LightweightWeight: 2 lb. 1.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Excellent stability and durability in a light, trail runner-like design.What we don’t: Shallow lugs are prone to slippage in mud. La Sportiva’s Ultra Raptor trail runner has earned legendary status amongst the mountain running community, beloved for its high levels of protection, durability, and stability alongside a lightweight, trail-runner-esque build. The Mid GTX here simply raises the design, adding an over-the-ankle collar and waterproof membrane. The result is a piece of footwear that lands somewhere in between mid-height trail runner and hiking boot, taking with it the best features from both worlds. For fast-and-light mountain-goers, the Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX is a nimble and quick alternative to boots like the Quest 4 above and Zodiac Plus below. On the flip side, it helps to compare this boot to a design like the Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2 below. Checking in just a few ounces heavier, the Ultra Raptor offers noticeably more protection around the foot with a generous toe cap and TPU heel, and the rigid shank goes a long way to improve stability. What’s more, the FriXion XF 2.0 sole is stiff and designed to grip well to rock (unfortunately traction falls short in mud). It’s true that the Altra will offer a more cushioned and sprightly feel on well-established trails, and its wide toe box provides relief on high-mileage days. But if you’re looking for a similarly lightweight boot for tackling more technical terrain, the Ultra Raptor Mid GTX is a standout choice... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II  See the Women's La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 7 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: A classic backpacking choice; surprisingly low weight for the comfort and support.What we don’t: Not the toughest construction. The Lowa Renegade has the look and feel of a traditional hiking boot at an impressively low weight. Unlike the more aggressive and modern Quest above, the leather Renegade offers better isolation from the ground and feels more planted and sturdy. It does give up a little of the fun factor and performance fit of the Quest, but the tradeoff is worth it for those carrying a heavy pack or wanting more underfoot protection from rocky trails. Lowa kept the weight down in part by moving some of the stabilizing duties to a very effective external polyurethane frame. This makes the Renegade perform like a true backpacking boot while weighing less than 2.5 pounds. Further, its leather upper is relatively thin, which saves ounces and reduces break-in time. The sacrifice of all this lightening is a lack of long-term durability—high-mileage users have reported needing a new pair nearly every year. But they keep coming back for the comfortable feel and the right balance of weight and support. And it’s easy to find a good fit as the Renegade is made in narrow, regular, and wide widths... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Lowa Renegade  See the Women's Lowa Renegade. Category: Light/midweightWeight: 2 lb. 2.6 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Well built, extremely comfortable, and tough.What we don't: Pricey and not quite as supportive as some of the heavier boots on this list. When we think of Asolo, the first thing that comes to mind is a classic, leather hiking boot like their TPS 520 GV Evo. The sleeker and more modern Falcon GV, however, represents where hiking footwear clearly is headed: a little less weight and support than a traditional hiking boot, but with serious technical chops. We took the Falcon on and off trail over the course of a rugged trek in Patagonia and came away impressed. It's well built, extremely comfortable right out of the box, and can handle just about anything you can throw at it. The biggest downside in choosing the Asolo Falcon GV is stability, which we would rate as moderate. If you're used to a high-cut boot with tons of support, the Falcon isn't it. But when laced up tight, we wore it backpacking with a relatively heavy load over all types of terrain from scree fields and glaciers to steep rocky passes with few issues. For those who don't need the ultimate levels of stability and want a lightweight and comfortable do-all boot for everything from day hiking to serious backpacking, we love the Falcon... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Asolo Falcon GV  See the Women's Asolo Falcon GV. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 15.8 oz.Waterproof: Yes (eVent)What we like: Lightweight and nimble yet impressively stable.What we don’t: Not a super locked-in feel given the relatively low collar and accommodating fit. There’s a time and place for traditional leather boots like the Lowa Renegade above, but in 2023, lightweight footwear has all but taken over. This movement is epitomized by Topo Athletic’s Trailventure 2 WP: With the looks of a trail runner but the bones of a hiking boot, the Trailventure 2 WP provides decent stability and support by way of an external TPU heel counter, reasonably tall and padded collar, and full-length rock plate. On the other hand, the 33-millimeter stack height, plush ZipFoam midsole, and minimalist weight will have you moving quickly and comfortably over long distances. Put it all together, and the Topo Athletic is a well-balanced shoe for those tackling easy trails with a light load. We’re huge fans of lightweight footwear, but it’s important to be aware of the inherent compromises. In particular, the Trailventure 2 WP’s relatively streamlined collar and very accommodating fit translate to less support on off-camber sections of trail or while carrying a heavy pack. Additionally, the wide toe box led to issues on steep descents, where our feet moved around inside the shoe so much that our toes hit the end. But in most other metrics, the Trailventure 2 WP felt fairly uncompromised: Our feet were isolated from rocks and roots, traction was excellent with the Vibram Megagrip outsole, and the waterproof membrane effectively kept out moisture. Unless you plan to travel in mountainous terrain or tend to carry a heavy load, the Trailventure’s benefits will far outweigh the tradeoffs. Lastly, Topo Athletic also makes a non-waterproof version ($160), but performance drops with no rock plate and a downgraded Vibram outsole... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Topo Trailventure 2 WP  See the Women's Topo Trailventure 2 WP. Category: LightweightWeight: 2 lb. 2.8 oz.Waterproof: Yes (KEEN.Dry)What we like: An affordable option with a tough leather upper.What we don’t: Not very secure on rough trails. With great out-of-the-box comfort, the KEEN Targhee line is an extremely popular boot for day hiking and easy to moderate backpacking trips. The Targhee III has been on the market for a while now—it was released back fall of 2017—but it offers solid bang for your buck. The boot has a surprisingly tough build with a good-sized toe cap and leather upper, moderately wide fit, and a collar height that sits just high enough on the ankle to provide decent rollover protection. Keep in mind that the Targhee III still is a clear step down in stability and ankle support from a boot like the Lowa Renegade above, but it offers sufficient stability and grip for most subalpine adventures. The Targhee’s main competitor is the Merrell Moab 3 above, and both models have been top sellers for years. The Targhee is more durable overall with its leather construction, but the Moab matches it in trail comfort, keeps you cooler with its mesh design, and costs $30 less (note: KEEN recently upped the price of the Targhee from $165 to $175). That price difference gives the edge to the Moab on our list, but the Targhee remains a solid choice, and particularly for those with wide feet... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's KEEN Targhee III WP Mid  See the Women's KEEN Targhee III WP Mid. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lbs. 7.2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Protective, supportive, durable, and impressively agile.What we don’t: Overbuilt for day hikes on well-maintained trails. Scarpa’s Rush series of hiking footwear seeks to find the sweet spot between performance and weight savings, running the gamut from trail runner-inspired hiking shoe (the Rush Low) to the TRK GTX here. We recently took the Rush TRK GTX on a trek through the Cordillera Huayhuash in Peru, where the boot traveled with ease across tricky mountain terrain while still maintaining a light and agile feel underfoot. The suede leather upper and rubber toe rand offer top-notch durability and protection, and the sticky SuperGum outsole gets the job done over a wide variety of surfaces. Finally, moisture protection is excellent, with a waterproof/breathable Gore-Tex liner and tall collar to keep you covered during high water crossings. We used to rank Scarpa’s Zodiac Plus GTX (below) high on this list, but the Rush TRK GTX wins out in most categories. The Rush is noticeably more supple than the Zodiac and features a roomy toe box (promoting great out-of-the-box and all-day comfort), offers softer cushioning underfoot, and is $90 cheaper to boot. For all but the most aggressive mountain terrain, it’s by far the more approachable design. That said, the Rush is still overbuilt for easy trails, especially compared to many of the lightweight designs here. But if you’re headed above treeline with a heavy pack, the Rush TRK GTX is well worth a look. For those sticking to more gentle terrain, check out Scarpa’s lighter and nimbler Rush Mid GTX... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Scarpa Rush TRK GTX  See the Women's Scarpa Rush TRK GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 9.6 oz.Waterproof: NoWhat we like: The comfort and mobility of a trail running shoe with added durability and support.What we don’t: Roomy fit and zero-drop design feel sloppy on technical terrain. Altra’s Lone Peak trail running shoes have developed a serious following among thru-hikers, making the streamlined boot version an intriguing concept. Combining an ankle-height design with the Lone Peak’s trademark wide toe box, generous cushioning, and zero-drop last, the Hiker 2 offers instant comfort (we experienced no break-in period) alongside a bit of extra support and coverage. Further, at 1 pound 9.6 ounces, it’s far and away the lightest boot here, which is a game changer for high-mileage days. We’ll admit that we were initially skeptical about the hiking-boot-meets-trail-runner design, but we found the Lone Peak Hiker 2 to be a surprisingly capable piece and consider it a great lightweight option for those who stick to the trail. However, as a more serious backcountry boot, the Lone Peak Hiker 2 has a number of compromises. For us, the design showed its weaknesses while backpacking in Patagonia—on off-camber terrain, the roomy fit was sloppy and hard to trust, and the toe protection fell far short. What’s more, the zero-drop design means the Altra feels more like a mountain slipper than a technical mountain boot, and the ankle protection and support don’t measure up to the taller boots here. But if you’re prone to blisters or unhappy feet, you’d be hard pressed to find a more comfortable boot, and the freshly updated Hiker 2 is impressively durable with a plush suede upper. Compared to Altra’s taller and waterproof Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid 2, we appreciate the Hiker 2’s more hardwearing yet lightweight design, and think of it as the better overall option for fair-weather hiking on easy trails... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2  See the Women's Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 6 oz.Waterproof: Yes (B-Dry)What we like: Sturdy and supportive for the price; quality insole included.What we don’t: Feels a bit slow and heavy on the trail. Based in Bozeman, Montana, Oboz has a reputation for making tough, comfort-first footwear. Our favorite over-the-ankle design from their lineup is the Bridger Mid, which in many ways is a beefed-up version of the KEEN Targhee III above. It’s nicely cushioned and protective underfoot, including TPU reinforcements and a nylon shank, but lacks the lightness and flexibility of many modern options. The upside is that the boot is stable and supportive—the leather upper can withstand a lot of abuse, and the midsole reinforcements give the boot a planted feel. For anything from weekend backpacking trips to snowshoeing in the winter, the Bridger Mid Waterproof is a comfortable choice. What’s not to like with the Oboz Bridger? On the trail, the boot feels slower and heavier than competitors like the Merrell Moab 3 Mid or KEEN Targhee III Mid. Further, the in-house B-Dry waterproof membrane makes the boot run warm even in moderate temperatures. For a cheaper option from Oboz, the Sawtooth X is another mid-height boot that has more mesh in the build, but it’s less tough and supportive at a similar weight (although you do save $15 in the process). For those hiking in hot and dry conditions, both the Bridger and Sawtooth are made in non-waterproof versions... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Oboz Bridger Mid WP  See the Women's Oboz Bridger Mid WP. Category: LightweightWeight: 2 lb. 1.6 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex Surround)What we like: Light, pretty tough, and comfortable.What we don’t: A bit narrow (although wide sizes are available). La Sportiva’s Nucleo High II GTX is a quintessential modern boot: light and nimble but with enough support for day hiking and most backpacking trips. Its most notable features are the Gore-Tex Surround liner and Nano-Cell technology. In short, Gore-Tex Surround breathes not only out of the top of the foot like a traditional waterproof design, but also through the bottom of the footbed and out the sides. La Sportiva’s Nano-Cell tech is the web-like mesh you see along the sides of the foot. While they give the boot a distinctive look, these cutouts only seem to have a modest impact on breathability. Where the Nucleo truly differentiates itself from other 2-pound models is durability: The boot has large swaths of leather rather than mesh for scrambling and hiking over rough terrain. You get moderate flexibility from its mid-height design, so it doesn’t require an extensive break-in, and traction is excellent over rock and mud. All told, the Nucleo a nice upgrade in performance and build quality from a boot like the Merrell Moab 3 above, albeit at a higher price. Keep in mind that this boot has a slightly narrow fit, although the good news is that wide sizes are available for both men and women.See the Men's La Sportiva Nucleo High II  See the Women's Nucleo High II GTX. Category: LightweightWeight: 1 lb. 15.4 oz.Waterproof: Yes (GTX)What we like: Looks do deceive—this is a capable and well-built boot.What we don’t: Durability concerns with the exposed midsole. It’s always fun to be pleasantly surprised by a piece of gear, and Adidas’ Terrex Free Hiker 2 did just that. At first glance—or fifth—the boot looks nothing like an outdoor-ready piece. But after sliding them on, our impression quickly changed. The Free Hiker has a sock-like fit that’s super comfortable with great cushioning on the tongue and collar, and Adidas’ soft Boost midsole does a great job limiting foot fatigue even on demanding days. Throughout our testing, traction also proved to be excellent on everything from wet rock to loose dirt thanks to the tacky Continental rubber and aggressive lug shape. Competitively lightweight (just over 2 lbs. for our men’s size 9) and packing a proven Gore-Tex liner, the Free Hiker is a great addition to the market. The Terrex Free Hiker 2 was a fantastic day hiking option on a recent trip to Patagonia, but it does come with some limitations. The most polarizing is its looks, which land in the love-it-or-hate-it category. A second more substantive concern is durability. Specifically, Adidas opted to leave its Boost foam midsole quite exposed along the outside of the boot. After just a few hikes—albeit on very rocky terrain that involved a fair amount of scrambling and squeezing between boulders—pieces of that exposed midsole are starting to fall off in small chunks. It’s a big enough downside to drop the boot on our list, but as a fun day hiker on less challenging terrain, the Adidas is well worth a look... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Adidas Free Hiker 2  See the Women's Adidas Free Hiker 2. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 6.4 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Reasonably light but stiff enough for backpacking over rough terrain.What we don’t: Pricey and overkill for maintained or moderate trails. For a trek over the harsh terrain of Peru’s Cordillera Huayhuash, we turned to Scarpa’s Zodiac Plus. This boot mixes approach shoe-like traction on rock and boulders with the toughness and stability of a lightweight mountaineering boot, which is quite a combination. Over a brutal 10 days of on and off-trail hiking while shouldering a heavy pack, the Zodiac impressed: The semi-stiff build, high-quality construction, and solid protection provided a lot of confidence on steep climbs and sketchy descents. Among tough and serious hiking boots, the Zodiac Plus and Salewa Mountain Trainer 2 Mid GTX (the heavier counterpart to the Mountain Trainer Lite outlined below) are two of the best. The Zodiac is more comfortable out of the box, weighs around 4 ounces less for the pair, and is a bit more flexible for covering ground quickly, but the Mountain Trainer’s stiffer build and 360-degree rubber rand offers even better protection in the alpine. Depending on your needs, both are mountain-ready waterproof designs that should get the job done... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Scarpa Zodiac Plus  See the Women's Scarpa Zodiac Plus. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 5 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Danner Dry)What we like: Classic Danner looks in a lightweight package.What we don’t: Not as durable or long-lasting as the price would suggest. Danner is best known for their throwback, full-leather boots, but their Mountain 600 has struck a chord with the day hiking crowd. The over-the-ankle design is relatively lightweight at 2 pounds 5 ounces for the pair, surprisingly flexible underfoot, and has sharp looks with a full suede upper and quality lacing hardware. An in-house waterproof liner combined with the water-resistant suede helps keep your feet protected from mud and wet grass, while also providing a light boost in warmth for wearing around town in the cold (to the detriment of breathability). As expected considering its casual slant, the Mountain 600 is not intended for high-mileage users. The materials aren’t known for holding up over the long haul, particularly if you subject them to rugged trails. Further, the boot is pretty expensive at $210 when stacked up to more capable, lighter-weight designs like the $175 Salomon X Ultra 4 Mid above. But if you prioritize out-of-the-box comfort, styling, and everyday versatility, the Mountain 600 is worth a look.See the Men's Danner Mountain 600  See the Women's Danner Mountain 600. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 7.9 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Comfortable and reasonably light for such a capable, alpine-ready boot.What we don’t: Sacrifices a little protection and coverage; tall stack height takes some getting used to. Salewa is well known in the mountaineering world for their technical alpine boots, but not everyone needs an exceptionally stiff and burly design. Enter the Mountain Trainer Lite Mid GTX, which takes their classic Mountain Trainer 2 Mid and trims things down for a lighter and more streamlined ride. Importantly, the Lite retains most of the mountain-readiness we love about the standard version but with wider appeal for most recreational hikers: It’s highly comfortable out of the box with a well-cushioned build and soft materials throughout, offers a good mix of flexibility and stability, and provides surprisingly good arch support. Final highlights include a well-executed lacing system that effectively locks down the ankle and back of the foot, climbing-inspired POMOCA outsole, and solid support and durability for covering technical terrain with a full pack—all for a very reasonable 2 pounds 7.9 ounces. Like most weight-conscious designs, however, the Salewa Mountain Trainer Lite Mid GTX does make some concessions to keep things light. The biggest is protection: While the approach shoe-like rubber toe cap provides decent coverage at the front of the foot, it’s noticeably thinner and less comprehensive than the standard model’s 360-degree design. Medial foot protection (around the inside of the ankle) is also pretty minimal, which led to some rock strikes on steeper and more aggressive inclines, and the lower collar can allow water, snow, and debris to creep in over top. A final downside is the tall stack height (40mm at the heel and 25mm at the forefoot), which takes some getting used to but provides great isolation from harsh ground. In the end, the Mountain Trainer Lite is a relatively niche option with a steep price tag, but it hits a nice middle ground between lightweight, trail runner-inspired designs and more aggressive alpine boots like the Zodiac Plus above... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Salewa Mountain Trainer Lite  See the Women's Mountain Trainer Lite. Category: LightweightWeight: 2 lb. 2 oz.Waterproof: Yes (HydroWall)What we like: A unique and stylish option for day hiking.What we don’t: Middling comfort and traction. REI jumped into the hiking footwear game in 2021 with an all-new collection of over-the-ankle boots. The Traverse is their midweight offering (of note: This model is currently unavailable), while the Flash featured here is a light and modern-looking design. What immediately sticks out is the knit upper, which is reminiscent of a running shoe and gives the boot its unique styling and flexible, sock-like interior. Tack on chunky lugs underfoot, a fairly stiff midsole, and a strip of TPU surrounding the base, and the Flash hits a nice balance of protection and cushioning for day hikes and short overnighters. As with nearly all REI products, the Flash boot undercuts most of the competition at $150 (most alternatives are $20-$40 pricier). And they’ve done a nice job incorporating sustainable measures like recycled polyester and plastic, as well as a bio-based compound in the insole. Where the boot comes up short is comfort: we experienced pretty significant pressure points along the insides of our ankles that never truly dissipated. The culprit is a mixture of thin padding along the collar and tongue and a set of metal eyelets that dig in when tightening the laces. This may not be an issue for everyone—although looking through user reviews, it does appear to be somewhat common—but it’s a notable enough complaint for us to drop the Flash in our rankings... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's REI Co-op Flash  See the Women's REI Co-op Flash. Category: MidweightWeight: 2 lb. 6.8 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Tough and capable yet lightweight.What we don’t: We’d prefer more cushioning. A couple years ago, Arc’teryx released the Acrux TR GTX technical hiking boot, which took the place of the discontinued Bora in their footwear lineup. In contrast to the Bora, the Acrux follows a more traditional route: It has a standard one-piece upper, EVA midsole, and Vibram traction. But this being Arc’teryx, there are some fun surprises. In particular, we’ve found the SuperFabric upper material to be especially durable and tough considering its thin build. And that in many ways sums up our overall impression of the Acrux: Despite weighing less than 2.5 pounds for the pair, the boot has provided excellent support and protection while hauling 50+ pounds (due to heavy camera equipment) over challenging terrain. One disappointment with the Acrux is its general lack of cushioning. The thin upper is partly to blame, but underfoot, the stock OrthoLite insole is simply too thin and flat to be comfortable over full days of hiking. Replacing the insole is a good start (it is removable), but the cushioning strikes us as a weak point in the design. In addition, the collar dips fairly low around the back, which let in more debris than we’re used to with a mid-height boot. These complaints push the Acrux down our rankings, but there’s still plenty to appreciate with this burly yet light backpacking boot... Read in-depth reviewSee the Men's Arc'teryx Acrux TR  See the Women's Arc'teryx Acrux TR. Category: HeavyweightWeight: 3 lb. 2.4 oz.Waterproof: Yes (Gore-Tex)What we like: Beautifully made and absolutely bomber on rough terrain.What we don’t: Dated design that’s very heavy. The hiking boot market has been trending away from traditional heavyweight leather designs for years, but there’s still a time and place for these classics. In this category, the Zamberlan Vioz GTX is among the all-time greats: The Italian-made leather construction is gorgeous and built to last, the interior is soft and isolates you amazingly well from a rough trail, and the stiff structure provides reliable support. For long slogs with a serious load or even light mountaineering, the Vioz GTX is a proven choice. Unfortunately for the Vioz, there is good reason why you see fewer of them on the trail these days. A heavy boot makes it that much harder to cover ground, and at 3 pounds 2.4 ounces, the Vioz weighs more than anything else on this list (and certainly feels like it as the miles add up). In the end, we think even serious backpackers will be better off with a boot like the Salomon Quest 4 above in most cases. But the Vioz remains a favorite among traditionalists who want a truly bomber boot that will be your hiking partner for years (you can even resole its Vibram rubber).See the Men's Zamberlan Vioz  See the Women's Zamberlan Vioz. Lightweight 
Boots in this lightweight category are, not surprisingly, light and flexible but tough enough for a longer day hike or short overnight backpacking trip. Options range from the more traditional KEEN Targhee III to the light and fast Salomon X Ultra 4 Mid. Waterproof liners are the norm, but they’re typically the less expensive type (read: non Gore-Tex). Materials used in the construction trend toward a heavy use of mesh and nylon with leather mixed in. This keeps cost and weight down, but doesn’t make them as durable as some pricier full-leather options. You also won’t see as stiff of a structure, as the boot’s shank and support won’t be very substantial. As long as you’re not carrying a heavy pack, that shouldn’t be a deterrent. The popularity of trail running shoes for hiking and backpacking has spawned a new variation in this lightweight category of over-the-ankle trail runners. The basic concept is to take a popular running shoe like Hoka’s Speedgoat or Altra’s Lone Peak and bring the collar and lacing system up a few inches. This provides a light boost in protection and support from a low-top trail runner but retains the lightweight, cushy, and fast feel of that footwear category. As we’ve found, however, there are a number of compromises, including durability, toe and foot protection from the thin materials, and support in technical terrain or when carrying a heavy load. But those that like to move fast and light and even mix in some running during their adventures may find that the pros of a nimble boot like Altra’s Lone Peak Hiker 2 outweigh the cons. Midweight
Midweight boots are skilled compromisers, with enough support to carry a heavy load but without feeling like someone stuffed lead in your socks. It’s a rapidly growing category, reflecting demand from backpackers and serious day hikers for a light but capable option. It's also home to some of our favorite boots (the Scarpa Zodiac Plus GTX and Lowa Renegade are both midweight). Solid support underfoot makes the boots a bit stiffer than your day hikers but not excessively so. Because of the quality of materials and construction techniques, prices in this category usually start at around $200. At that price point, the quality of the waterproof bootie improves and you’ll typically find GTX (Gore-Tex) in the name. Heavyweight 
Stiff, tough, and incredibly reliable, boot legends of the past were made in the heavyweight category. Classic models like the Zamberlan Vioz GTX remain popular for those wanting a full-leather design, but the shift towards lighter weights in boot construction has expanded the category to include models like the Salewa Mountain Trainer 2 Mid GTX (the heavier and more aggressive counterpart to the Mountain Trainer Lite included above). In general, heavyweight boots are built for tough, rocky trail and long slogs with heavy backpacking packs. While the thick upper materials and Gore-Tex make for excellent performance in the wet and snow, they will run warm in hot conditions (some prefer a non-waterproof leather boot instead). Their solid structure also takes some of the strain out of long ascents by keeping the heel from dropping at each step, and makes them often friendly with strap-on crampons for light mountaineering. A final tip: Don’t pick up one of these boots and head directly to the trailhead for a long trip. Spend the time to break them in and you’ll have a backpacking footwear partner for years to come. From a quick look at our comparison table above, it’s clear that hiking boot weights vary a lot. You can choose an over-the-ankle design anywhere from over 3 pounds to under 2 in the case of the trail runner-inspired Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2 (1 lb. 9.6 oz.) and Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX (1 lb. 14 oz.). What’s equally obvious is how the various weights have an impact on a boot’s performance. To start, while the correlation isn’t perfect, a lighter boot generally will offer less protection, support and stability, and durability over the long term. This can present a problem if you’re carrying a heavy pack and traveling over rough terrain, but for thru-hikers or minimalists, going lightweight can be a great idea. Whenever we can, we try and keep the weight of our boots to a minimum, providing enough comfort and support for the weight of our pack and the conditions, but without having to lug around anything extra. Depending on the trip, this can mean a lightweight trail-runner style for fastpacking all the way up to a burly boot like the Salewa MTN Trainer 2 Mid GTX for trekking through Nepal. If you’re going to choose one boot to do it all, the Salomon Quest 4 GTX does a great job balancing weight and performance. In general, a hiking boot is designed to be stable, which typically involves a piece of hard plastic inserted between the midsole and outsole, known as a shank. The length of the plastic can vary from just under the arch to the full-length of the boot, depending on intended use. The benefit of a stiff boot is that the heel will not drop on an ascent, which helps reduce calf fatigue. This is why the stiffness of a boot will increase along with its technical abilities, culminating in extremely unyielding mountaineering boots that can better handle long summit pushes. On the other end of the spectrum, some lightweight boots do not have this additional structure, instead resembling a tall, flexible hiking shoe. For day hikes on flatter or less technical terrain or if you're aiming to move fast and light, we can’t recommend a lightweight and flexible hiking boot enough. Shoes like the Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2 or Salomon X Ultra 4 Mid are standouts for these uses. As your trips get longer and your pack gets heavier, a more substantial boot that increases ankle support is a better decision. Look to the Lowa Renegade or Salomon Quest 4 for a great all-around option that is equally adept at conquering summit peaks and multi-day backpacking. On the extreme end, heavyweight boots like the Salewa MTN Trainer 2 Mid GTX are excellent for hiking in areas that require maximum support: off-trail bushwhacking, traversing an exposed area, or trekking over rough ground. The vast majority of hiking boots are waterproof, and the security from a surprise deluge on a backpacking trip is reason enough for most folks to choose a GTX (Gore-Tex) model. To make these boots waterproof, most designs have a waterproof and breathable bootie inserted inside the outer fabric. Gore-Tex liners are the most popular and have the brand cachet, but even in-house technologies like KEEN's KEEN.Dry are similar in terms of waterproofing performance (it’s breathability and some inconsistency between models where they’ll differ). In addition, a water-repellent coating is added to the boot to help bead up and shed water droplets. Most hiking boots are waterproof, but does that necessarily mean they should be? It’s nice to have waterproofing so your feet don’t get wet walking through mud or crossing a stream, but all the waterproofing does on a spring or summer backpacking trip in Canyonlands is make your feet hot and sweaty (we cover breathability in greater detail below). And an argument can be made that your feet will eventually get soaked no matter the waterproof design in truly wet and miserable conditions. As an alternative, some backpackers turn to non-waterproof shoes with gaiters over the top for weather protection. While this won’t keep water from entering at the sides, the boots will dry much quicker. And the gaiters keep water, snow, or trail debris from entering over the top of the boot. Our take on waterproofing is that it’s best for most folks, and particularly those that venture out in mountainous regions where water on the trail or a rainstorm always are possibilities. The designs aren’t perfect, but a quality waterproof lining will keep you reasonably dry in all but the worst weather. And if you hike in the shoulder seasons, the extra layer adds some insulation from the cold. But hikers in uniquely hot and dry places like Arizona and Utah may be best served with a non-waterproof model, no matter how few options there are on the market. A couple that we like are the Merrell Moab 3 Mid (a sibling of the Moab Mid WP on this list), Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2, and Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 (the non-waterproof version of the Trailventure 2 WP above). For a deeper dive on the topic, see our article on waterproof hiking footwear. No matter what marketers say, making a boot waterproof inherently impacts breathability. By keeping water from entering from the outside, less moisture (your sweat) can quickly and easily escape from the inside, which means all forms of waterproof footwear can run warm in the summer months. There are, however, big differences between boot models in their ability to ventilate. We’ve found that heavyweight leather boots with a Gore-Tex lining are often the worst performers, while the Gore-Tex Surround in the mesh-heavy La Sportiva Nucleo High II is a step above. In between, the Lowa Renegade and Salomon Quest 4 both perform decently with their nylon and leather construction and Gore-Tex liners, and are completely suitable for summer backpacking trips. The cheaper membrane in the Oboz Bridger Mid boot fell short of those pricier options in our testing. Alternatively, if you are willing and able to ditch the waterproof lining altogether, the Merrell Moab Mid and Topo Athletic Trailventure 2 mentioned above are great options for hikers and backpackers. Laces are an overlooked feature on hiking boots but play an important role in fit and comfort. If a shoe has a poor lacing system prone to loosening, you’ll find yourself having to readjust constantly on the trail or dealing with hot spots and blisters. If the culprit is just the laces themselves, it’s an easy fix: There are many quality replacement laces available (and can usually be found at a local outdoors shop). But if the system doesn’t hold your foot or fit very well, we recommend looking elsewhere. For this reason, we are hesitant to recommend the single-pull speed lace designs from Salomon and Adidas. Although convenient, it can be more difficult to customize fit, which can lead to discomfort over long miles and when wearing a heavy pack. As you upgrade to more aggressive designs, the lacing systems also should advance. Notable upgrades for boots include locking hooks near the bend at the ankle, such as what you get on the Quest or Renegade boots. These hooks keep the laces in place extremely well, which increases comfort and on-trail performance. The type of material used in a shoe’s upper, which is the fabric that connects to the rubber outsole, correlates directly with its durability, water resistance and ability to breathe. Most often, a boot or shoe will be made with a mix of synthetic (typically nylon), mesh, and leather. There are exceptions, particularly at the high-end with one-piece leather constructions. Below we spell out the pros and cons for the most common materials used for hiking footwear.Synthetic Nylon and Mesh
Woven nylon as well as open mesh nylon panels are common on entry and mid-level boots to aid in breathability. They’re not as well known for their durability but do a great job of cutting weight. Moreover, the fabric can absorb moisture faster than a leather boot. Exceptions include the Salomon Quest 4, which is made of tightly woven nylon panels that have comparable levels of durability to some Nubuck leathers despite a lot of exterior stitching. Nubuck and Suede Leather
Made of full grain leather, but given a brushed finish that has a suede-like feel, Nubuck leather is a common site on mid-range boots. The softer touch leather is lighter and more flexible than traditional, glossy full-leather options, but the thinner construction isn't as durable. It is, however, more durable than most nylon mesh inserts, and as a result, it’s common to find a mix of Nubuck leather and mesh, with the leather bits giving the boots a little extra toughness. Additionally, Nubuck leather tends to breathe better than full-grain leather and isn’t as prone to showing scuffmarks thanks to its brushed finish. Full-Grain Leather 
This type of upper is most often found on tough, heavyweight boots. You’ll find one-piece leather uppers on high-end boots like the Zamberlan Vioz GTX, Asolo TPS 520 (not listed above), or in Danner’s boot collection. These designs are not light or as breathable, but are incredibly tough and water resistant. They do require some maintenance to keep the leather in good shape, but they’ll reward those cleaning efforts with a construction that is built to outlast everything else on the market. As an added bonus, some boots like the Danner Mountain Light can be re-soled, so you don’t need to replace the whole boot once you wear down the lugs. While wearing hiking boots, it’s common to carry a decent amount of weight, which puts a lot of stress on your feet. Combined with the rubber outsole, the midsole plays the essential role of shock absorber from impacts and provides an additional layer of protection from sharp rocks. Depending on the design, midsoles vary from very thin (fastpacking boot) to stiff and substantial (full leather hiking boot). Most include EVA foam, PU, or a combination of both in their construction. EVA
The majority of light and midweight hiking boots use EVA foam in the midsole. The cushy, soft material takes some of the sting out of your heel or midfoot impacts and is also extremely lightweight. Not all EVA should be treated equally, and the proprietary versions can vary from super soft to mildly stiff. For logging serious miles on tougher terrain, we prefer a firm and supportive midsole as opposed to too much cushioning. Those overly-soft midsoles also have a tendency to break down over time, much like a running shoe. In general, you pay more for an improved midsole design and a higher-quality EVA compound. PU
For tougher applications or when it’s a priority to isolate your feet from rough impacts, manufactures will use a PU or polyurethane midsole. This durable foam is far less cushy than midsoles with only EVA but will last longer and better handle a heavier load. In addition, they’ll keep their shape longer and won’t be prone to compressing like EVA. Boots like the Asolo TPS 520 Evo use a polyurethane insole, but the material’s popularity is expanding to mid-range options—despite the extra cost—with the Scarpa Zodiac Plus being a recent example. The motivation behind upgrading from a flimsy cross trainer to a real hiking boot or shoe often is for improved traction. In a way that more casual footwear can never match, hiking footwear is leaps and bounds better when the going gets rocky, slippery and steep. And much in the same way that Gore-Tex dominates the market for mid to high-end waterproofing, Vibram inhabits a similar space for outsoles. Not all Vibram models should be treated as equals, however, as the rubber manufacturer tailors their designs for the specific footwear and brand. Some have much larger lugs underfoot for serious grip in mud, and others prioritize sticky rubber for scrambling over rocks. There are also more entry-level options that just do well on easier trails, like the lugs you’ll find on the bottom of the Merrell Moab boots and shoes. The lesson is it's worth taking a look at the lug depth and description of the compound type to find out where a specific outsole will perform best. Salomon is one brand that doesn’t outsource their traction needs. Instead, they use their in-house Contagrip brand for all of their boots and shoes models. And with years of experience in everything from trail running to hiking, they aren’t short on expertise. The level of quality and performance is in-line with the Vibram offerings across the board, from anything from their fast-and-light X Ultra Mid hiking boots to the burly Salomon Quest 4 backpacking boots. Toe caps or rubber rands cover the front of many hiking boots, and we consider them an essential element of backpacking boot design. These thick pieces of rubber are there to keep your toes in one piece should you accidentally—and in our case, eventually—kick a rock on the trail. One standout from our list above is the Scarpa Zodiac, which has protection that wraps completely around the front of the foot. To cut weight, some manufacturers will occasionally take away or diminish this feature, including the Altra Lone Peak boots. Speaking from experience, we’d prefer that Altra included a more substantial one after catching and bruising a toe on a rock hiking in Washington's Enchantments. If you go lightweight, toe protection is one area where you may sacrifice. Getting a proper fit can be a real pain, and in many cases the blame is a generic, flat insole. Thankfully, removing your stock insoles is super easy, and replacing them with an aftermarket model that’s specific to your foot size and shape can remedy most shoe maladies. New insoles can provide more or less volume to fill out the shoe, improve the fit under the arch, and increase or decrease the cushion and impact shock. We recommend checking out Superfeet insoles for their wide selection of options and trusted reputation in running shoes, ski boots, and hiking footwear. One of the key decisions in choosing hiking footwear is selecting either an over-the-ankle boot or low-top shoe. Each style has its respective strengths, and we use them interchangeably for hiking and backpacking trips. We’ve found that hiking shoe models vary just as much as the boots listed above, so you can choose from stiff and supportive down to light and nimble. In the end, the differentiators between boots and shoes are protection, stability, and weight. For rocky terrain, water crossings, snow, and carrying a heavy backpacking pack, a boot is our preferred option. But the low-top style trims away material and weight, making it the clear choice for those focused on moving fast and light without a large pack (especially in milder weather conditions and when traveling over less technical terrain). There isn’t a definite right answer in this debate, but the weight of your gear and the conditions you’ll be hiking in can make the decision a lot simpler. For many dedicated outdoorspeople, it’s worth having at least a pair of each in their quiver.Back to Our Top Hiking Boot Picks  Back to Our Hiking Boot Comparison Table.

Need a new hiking boot? After earning our blisters with a decade of testing the best men's hiking boots and the top women's hiking boots, we have some excellent recommendations.  We spent hundreds of hours on the trail breaking in each product. We designed tests to assess performance for comfort, support, traction, water resistance, weight, and durability. We compared materials and construction, dunked each underwater, and weighed each boot on our scales. After trekking hundreds of miles over the years, we know hiking boots. Whether heading into the backcountry for the weekend, or spending months on the trail we'll help you find what you need. We tested a variety of boots and shoes for hiking. If you prefer a lighter shoe for hiking, a hiking shoe or trail runner might be a better match. Whatever you're looking for, we've probably tested it, and can point you in the right direction. The Salomon Quest 4 Gore-Tex remains our top choice for many reasons. This boot is ideal for long adventures on the most technical and demanding trails. It is top-notch, offering an excellent blend of stability and comfort, fit for tromping through all kinds of conditions. The beefy lugs bite down on all surfaces, offering traction on slippery steep trails and rocky river crossings. If you're in the market for a well-rounded boot that'll offer comfort and stability while shouldering a heavy pack, this top contender is the way to go. While the Quest 4 is stable and protective, it is heavy for a hiker. It also does not breathe or release heat as readily as we'd wish. While it can function as a casual daily hiker, it's truly built for taking on technical surfaces and tricky conditions. If you're seeking the best when it comes to a traditional hiking boot, this is our favorite option. Read more: Salomon Quest 4 Gore-Tex review. The La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX is our favorite hiking boot for women. It earns top marks in almost all categories, making it one of the most balanced hikers we've ever tested. It's rugged, durable, lightweight, and incredibly comfortable. The 5-inch shaft offers a surprising level of stability for its design, fit to take on technical surfaces. It features a Gore-Tex waterproof membrane with a breathable design. The deep lugs do well on everything from rock slabs to sloppy steeps, making it a trustworthy and versatile option for most terrain. It's an excellent option for any day trip or backpacking adventure. While we appreciate the lightweight design of this trail runner-like hiking boot, it's not nearly as stable as other midweight boots. It also fits a little small, so we recommend sizing up. It truly shines as a protective and lightweight hiking boot that sacrifices a little bit of stability. It can take on all sorts of weather and is suited for long backpacking adventures as well as day trips. Read more: La Sportiva Ultra Raptor II Mid GTX review. The Merrell Moab 3 Mid Waterproof is a great deal that'll get you out on the trails in most conditions. This water-resistant suede boot is incredibly comfortable, and the break-in period almost non-existent. It is as supportive as you'd expect a hiking boot to be with solid underfoot construction. It's an excellent option for beginners and experts alike who are looking for a boot that'll deliver great performance at a decent value. While we appreciate the comfort and performance this boot offers, it has a few limitations. First, while the Vibram sole sticks well to dry and technical surfaces, the lugs do not have the appropriate spacing between them to shed mud easily. As a result, they are not recommended for super muddy or sloppy conditions. Additionally, the design is a little heavier than other lightweight boots. Overall, it is a high-value option that'll keep you comfortable and protected for most outdoor adventures. Read more: Merrell Moab 3 Mid Waterproof review. The Merrell Moab 3 Mid WP - Women's offers excellent value across the board. Designed as a day hiker and moderate backpacking boot, it can go with you on most adventures. It features a comfortable and easy-to-break-in design and generous padding in the ankle shaft. It has excellent durability with several mesh panels spaced between the leather infrastructure. The new and improved Vibram sole offers sufficient traction on all types of trail surfaces, making it a great high-value option for most adventures. While we love the value and comfort of this boot, we don't love the lacing system, which lacks durability. In addition, the boot is heavier than many of its rivals. Still, it functions well for most adventures, including backpacking, with a lower impact on your wallet than most other hiking boots on the market. Read more: Merrell Moab 3 Mid WP review. Standing out as a wide, minimalist hiking boot, the Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid is a top choice for those seeking a wider toe box for long days in the backcountry. The foot box shape, unique to the Altra shoe brand, is wide enough to allow your toes to splay out with lots of room to wiggle around. Its high ankle cuff offers stability so you can move with confidence over technical terrain. If you're looking for a lightweight hiking boot suited for a wide foot that's an excellent pick for fast and light backpacking, this is our top recommendation. While this boot is flexible and lightweight, it's not the most durable or stable option we've tested. The lighter materials have proven to wear down more quickly than other boots with a leather construction. Another consideration is the zero-drop design, which takes some time to get used to. If you're in search of a lightweight, flexible, and comfortable hiking boot suited for wide feet, this is our favorite choice. Read more:Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid review. Our panel of hiking experts agrees that the Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid - Women's is a fantastic option for wide feet. It features a durable lacing system, thicker cushioning underfoot, with traction that performs in wet and dry weather. It's a favorite for wide feet because it has a unique toe box that allows your toes to splay and wiggle freely while hiking. It offers the fit and flexibility of a running shoe, but with a little more support to shoulder a heavy pack. While the Altra ALL-WTHR is lightweight, it is not nearly as durable as other leather hiking boots. The mesh materials and cushioning underfoot have a history of wearing and breaking down after fewer miles than a traditional hiking boot. Additionally, the zero-drop design requires an adjustment period. If your top priority, though, is a wide fit, comfortable design, and excellent cushioning underfoot, you should consider this boot. It's a favorite amongst thru-hikers and fast packers where weight and comfort are imperative considerations. Read more: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mid review. The Hoka Kaha 2 GTX - All Gender offers superior comfort for all humans, with over two inches of foam stacked into its midsole. It is one of the thickest models we have tested, easily providing a smooth landing surface every time. It is surprisingly stable (for its stack height), with rigid ankle support to prevent unsuspected turns or twists. The 5mm lugs and sticky rubber holds well on tricky surfaces. It also offers a surprising amount of water protection, and the reinforced leather upper resists scuffs and scratches. Hands down, this boot offers the best cushioning on the market and should be considered if comfort is your top priority. While the thick cushioning underfoot is heavenly, there is an adjustment period to get used to wearing them. When hiking over rocky terrain, we had to train ourselves to lift our feet just a little higher to avoid unsuspected trips. Additionally, while the upper offers superior waterproofing, it isn't very breathable. If ample cushioning and excellent underfoot protection are your priority, this is our recommendation for all humans. Read more: Hoka Kaha 2 GTX-All Gender review. If you live in a wet climate or prefer a precipitous hike to dry conditions, consider the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. This waterproof boot beats out the competition when it comes to performance in wet conditions. We tested it by hiking in the rain and trudging through rivers. The gusseted tongue and Nubuck leather construction do well to keep water out, keeping your socks dry. Not only that, but it offers a superior level of comfort and support. The deep lugs are sticky, holding well on sloppy and dry surfaces. Even with these heavyweight features, it is a relatively light boot, making it a great option for all types of adventures in wet (or dry) conditions. That said, we wish this boot offered a bit more stability. The upper cuff around the ankle is not very rigid, which translates to less stability on uneven surfaces. Additionally, it is difficult to insert the lace into the eyelets of the boot, meaning it takes more time to lace up and release. If you're seeking a bombproof boot for water or snow, this is the one you should check out. Read more: La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX review. For ladies seeking a hiking boot that does well in wet environments, the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX - Women's features some of the best waterproofing on the market. Built with a Nubuck leather exterior, waterproof ventilation, and a gusseted tongue, it has proven to keep feet dry in the wettest conditions. The construction is incredibly durable, showing little wear and tear after our testing period. It offers a comfortable fit and a short break-in period. It's a wonderful option for any adventure in wet (or dry) conditions. While this boot is waterproof, it's not very breathable. In addition, its waterproofing elements make it heavier in comparison to other lightweight options on the market. If your primary interest is withstanding wet conditions, we recommend the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GEX. Read more: La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX review. After perusing the market and researching over 80 potential options, we chose over 30 contenders that offer the best performance. To provide an unbiased review, we purchased all products directly from the retailer. After they arrived on our doorstep, we did the dirty work, breaking in each pair and taking to the trail. Testers wore these boots for more than 560 collective miles, with over 400 hours of field time while hiking, camping, fishing, rock climbing, and backpacking through many different conditions. We spent time in all kinds of weather, from hot, sunny days to snow squalls to heavy downpours. During this testing period, our team kept detailed notes about the performance of each boot after each hike and after completing a series of objective tests. Award winners were carefully determined after gathering data and after many hours of consideration. We tested women's hiking boots and men's hiking boots, with a focus on lightweight and midweight designs, suitable for all seasons. Our team of experts has spent countless days trekking around the world, over all types of terrain, in all sorts of weather, all in the name of testing the best hiking boots on the market. Leading the men's hiking boot review is Ryan Huetter and Ben Applebaum-Bauch. Both are avid guides that love long trails. They've put these boots to the test on trails like the Pacific Crest Trail and Colorado Trail. Our women's hiking boot leads are Jane Jackson and Trish Matheny. Jane has put hundreds of miles in her boots, hiking in beautiful places from the altitudes of the Himalayas to the long trails circumnavigating the granite mountains in the Western United States. Trish has spent much of the last 15 years in the backcountry. She has worked and played on dusty, muddy, and rocky trails across the United States with hiking boots in tow. Collectively, our hiking team has logged hunderds of hours of trail time, testing in trying terrain to see how each boot performs. Hiking boots are best for adventurers seeking footwear that offers protection and stability on the trail. With such a wide variety of options on the market, searching for a pair that will best suit your needs might seem a little daunting. With our experience, we can help you find exactly what you're looking for. To begin, there are various factors to consider when choosing the best boot for you, including how you will use the boot, the type of boot you need, its fit and design, and how long the break-in period may last. Taking these considerations to heart will help steer you in the right direction to finding your best boot for hiking. Let's dive in. What will you be using your hiking boot for? There are a variety of different options out there, but narrowing them down by identifying your intended use is the first step. Are you planning on just day hiking, or will you be backpacking as well? What types of terrain will you be hiking? How does your boot need to perform? Does it need to be breathable or waterproof? These are the types of questions to ask before your search begins, which will help to steer you in the right direction. When you're heading out for a day hike, the type of footwear you choose depends on the intensity of the hike, how technical it is, and how much weight you are carrying. In some cases, a lightweight hiking boot with minimal ankle support may be all you need. The lighter materials used in lightweight boots make them more flexible and breathable. They also have enough comfort and support to carry substantial loads or just a day pack. Most offer more stability than a hiking shoe or trail runner, but they aren't as heavy as a midweight hiking boot. If you prefer more stability, even for day hikes, you might want to consider a midweight boot. Backpacking all of your gear into a campsite for the night can be strenuous, but made easier by footwear that has a little more stability, especially around the ankle. For any moderate backpacking adventure, a midweight boot is recommended. This type of boot has stability on unstable surfaces without being too heavy. This is helpful when shouldering a heavy pack for a couple of days. A lightweight boot can also function for moderate backpacking adventures. However, with larger loads, you might find your feet getting a little more beat up than they would in a more rigid midweight boot. Not only do you need to consider the length of time you'll be wearing your boots, but also the conditions. This includes the climate, temperature, surfaces, and steepness of the trail. If you prefer easy hikes on flat terrain, a lightweight hiking boot should be fine. But, if you often take on steep and technical trails with talus fields, you might want to consider a more stable design. Let's look deeper at waterproofing, traction, ability to breath, and weight. Many people opt for hiking boots instead of hiking shoes because they have some level of water resistance or waterproofing. If you find yourself hiking in wet weather, look for a boot that integrates a seamless design, waterproof or Gore-Tex membrane, and leather construction. An extra plus is a gusseted tongue which will protect better during river crossings. When you're out on the trail, you'll encounter many different surfaces. Wet, dry, steep, and flat — they will vary. For example, in dry conditions, kitty litter gravel over rock can cause unsuspected slips when the trails are steep. Steep slabs can also be treacherous, especially if a boot can't grip the rock. In both cases, a soft, sticky rubber with evenly-spaced lugs is preferred. If you encounter wet conditions, like slippery rocks, mud, ice, or snow, you'll want to look for a combination of deeper lugs that are well-spaced and a sticky rubber that doesn't get too hard in colder temperatures. The spacing of the lugs will help shed mud and snow more easily. The deeper lugs will help bite down on the trail, especially when traveling up or downhill. Regardless of the specific conditions, think about the surfaces you'll be hiking on and then look at the design and construction of the outsole to ensure it'll do what you need it to on your adventures. A boot that can breathe is important, especially in hot weather. Without breathability, a hiking boot can turn a dry sock into a wet one. Look for breathable panels that also protect from small particulates. If you find yourself hiking in warmer conditions, look for a light design. A hiking shoe or trail running shoe is also a nice alternative for a hiking boot in hot weather, as long as you're okay with less stability through the ankle and body of the boot. When hiking, a lighter boot is the most common preference for most people. Who doesn't like to feel light? It means you can go a little further, and the hike always seems that much more enjoyable. We recommend looking for a pair of boots that is less than four pounds. Anything heavier will seem strenuous to hike in, especially if you just intend to go out for the day. When you're doing your research on different products, be sure to check out the weight specs to see how each boot measures up. We've been discussing several different types of hiking boots, so let's take the time to define each. In this section, we'll cover lightweight hikers, midweight hikers, and heavyweight hikers. In addition, we'll discuss hiking shoes and trail runners, as these are common substitutes. In our review, we opted to test many lightweight hikers that weigh between one to three pounds per pair. These typically have a low to mid-cut, not rising more than 4-5 inches. These types of boots have a lower ankle height with thinner, more flexible fabrics. These designs have often done away with stability elements, such as rigid shanks embedded in the midsole. They also tend to have more flexible cuffs around the ankle, so there's not as much ankle support as you might encounter with a midweight or heavyweight hiking boot. This category of boot is best for those that prefer a boot that is light on the trail, trading off stability around the ankle. If you don't care too much for stability around the ankle, you should also consider a hiking shoe or trail running shoe as an alternative to a lightweight hiking boot. So what's the difference between a hiking shoe and a hiking boot? The biggest difference is ankle stability. Hiking shoes do not have high cuff ankle support, whereas a hiking boot will. Many of the design elements—including the stability elements, waterproofing, and traction design—can be the same. Hiking shoes are also typically quite durable, with better breathability and lower weight than most hiking boots. These are a great option if you don't care too much about ankle support but still want a supportive and stable shoe for exploring the outdoors. If you want to go even lighter, with even fewer stability elements, a trail runner is your best best. While there is a huge range of trail runners, many options offer stability elements, similar to a hiking shoe, but with upper materials that are typically more flexible. Of the footwear options for hiking, trail runners are the most lightweight contenders (outside of sandals) with the least amount of stability. That said, there are incredibly stable trail runners on the market that mimic a lightweight hiking boot or shoe. If you don't require your footwear to cover the ankle, and you prefer lighter shoes, then you might want to take a look at our trail running shoe review to scope out the different options on the market. A traditional hiker is a midweight hiking boot. It is what you might think about when you think about boots for hiking. Typically weighing between two to four pounds per pair, they rise between 4-5 inches on the ankle. They are usually more rigid than a lightweight hiker but more flexible than a heavyweight boot. They offer better stability and durability than most of the lightweight hiking boots tested. Designed for versatility, this type of boot is a great option for day hikes and backpacking. They are designed for carrying loads between 20 to 30 pounds across rugged terrain. They feature stiff soles, leather construction, an ankle cuff that fits well, and stability elements. Most feature breathable vents which don't allow particulates to get inside. If stability is a higher priority than weight, this is a good type of boot to consider for all types of outdoor adventures. These burly hikers are heavy full leather hiking boots designed for off-trail explorations and mountaineering adventures. They are designed to carry a 40+ pound backpack across treacherous terrain. During this review, we didn't feature any heavyweight boots, but there are many options on the market. They are typically completely waterproof, extremely durable, and very heavy. They are built with full-grain leather and TPU midsoles, with several stability elements. They are designed to handle the roughest terrain and the most extreme conditions. No matter how high the ratings and how great the features, if the boot doesn't fit, it's not the right boot for you. You can premeditate all of the features you want, but until you slip it on and try it out, you won't know if it's the right one for you. When considering the fit of a boot, make sure you do your research, especially when shopping online. Before trying on a boot, be sure to grab a sock of similar thickness that you intend to hike in. This will impact the overall fit. When you slide your foot inside and lace it up, note the additional volume or wiggle room in the toe box. Notice if your toes feel cramped front to back, or side to side. If they do, you might need to size up a half size or find a different brand that is either wider or more narrow. Walk around and test out the flexibility and stability of the boot. Point your toes, go up the stairs, and walk around on unstable surfaces to see how the boot flexes or if there are any pinch points. If you require specific support, consider using insoles. Once you've found a fit that works, start getting excited, because you're on your way to buying your perfect boot. After you've found your pair of hiking boots, know that they will most likely require a break-in period. Depending on the construction and materials, break-in times vary. Lightweight hikers with softer materials typically have a faster break-in period than those that use more rigid materials. Midweight hikers have the widest range of time since there are so many combinations of materials in the construction. Some, for example, might take a longer time to break in than those with a different type of leather. Finally, remember to test your boots out on short hikes before committing to longer adventures. The boots need time to mold and shape. Even in the "right" boot, diving straight into a long, grueling hike can still lead to blisters or other issues on the trail. GearLab is founded on the principle of honest, objective, reviews. Our experts test thousands of products each year using thoughtful test plans that bring out key performance differences between competing products. And, to assure complete independence, we buy all the products we test ourselves. No cherry-picked units sent by manufacturers. No sponsored content. No ads. Just real, honest, side-by-side testing and comparison. How can we improve GearLab? Got feedback?

Let us know! Material on GearLab is copyrighted. Reproduction without permission is prohibited.
    All trademarks property of their respective owners
Privacy | Cookies | Terms.

We tend to prefer light and breathable shoes for most of our summer hikes, but hiking boots have a solid place in our gear repertoire. Hiking boots offer greater durability than a lot of other footwear for long-term use, better weather protection for cold/wet conditions, and provide more support for rugged off-trail terrain. Our team of experts tests and analyzes gear full-time. In this guide, we’ll use our on-trail experience to make it easy for you to find the best hiking boots for your needs. Last Updated: March 17, 2023. The Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX are an excellent value because they’re comfortable, lightweight & durable. Check out this quick list of the best hiking boots, or continue scrolling to see our full list of favorites with in-depth reviews. Best hiking boots overall: Salomon Quest 4 GTX. Best lightweight hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX. Best hiking boots for backpacking with a heavy load: Lowa Renegade GTX. Best budget hiking boots: Vasque Breeze. Affordable & breathable hiking boots: Merrell Moab 3 GTX. Sturdy, lightweight boots with great traction: La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. Best wide-fit hiking boots: KEEN Targhee III WP. Best minimalist hiking boots: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2. Durable hiking boots with great support & stability: Vasque St. Elias GTX. Heavy-duty & rugged boots with a high-quality build: Zamberlan Vioz GTX. Budget-friendly hiking boots for casual hikes: Timberland Mt. Maddsen WP. The La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX are great for hiking in technical terrain. COMFORT & FIT - Fit is very personal, so what works for some people may not be the best option for others. In general the most comfortable hiking boots give your toes some room to spread, have cushioning that supports your foot shape, and have some flex in the upper so it moves with your foot. Hiking boots that don’t require much breaking in to be comfortable: Vasque Breeze, Salomon X Ultra 4, Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2, Merrell Moab 3 & La Sportiva Nucleo High II. Best hiking boots with a wide fit: Merrell Moab 3, KEEN Targhee III & Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2. Most supportive hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4 GTX, Lowa Renegade GTX, La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX, Vasque St. Elias GTX & Zamberlan Vioz GTX. The KEEN Targhee III boots are a great fit for hikers wanting a wide toe box. PRICE - High-quality footwear can be expensive, but we’re usually willing to spring for it because the success of our adventures depends on having happy, healthy feet. Cheap footwear tends to be less breathable, falls apart easily, and is more likely to create blisters and other foot problems. We recommend spending a bit more if you’re able as it will be cheaper than replacing blown out and ill-fitting boots in the long run. You can expect quality craftmanship and performance from all of the hiking boots on this list. Best value hiking boots: Salomon X Ultra 4 & KEEN Targhee III. Best budget hiking boots: Vasque Breeze, Merrell Moab 3 & Timberland Mt. Maddsen. Best high-end hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4, Lowa Renegade, La Sportiva Nucleo High II & Zamberlan Vioz. The Merrell Moabs are comfortable, durable & affordable. WEIGHT - Weight on your feet zaps about 5 times more energy than weight carried on your back. Lighter hiking boots mean less muscle fatigue, less stumbling, and they can help avoid knee and hip flexor problems. That’s not to say that heavier boots are bad though. If you do a lot of hiking off-trail or you tend to carry a heavier pack, you may want to go with a more burly and durable boot. Best ultralight hiking boots: Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR 2, Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX & Vasque Breeze LT NTX. Best lightweight hiking boots: La Sportiva Nucleo High II, KEEN Targhee III & Merrell Moab 3 GTX. Best heavy-duty hiking boots: Lowa Renegade, Vasque Breeze, Salomon Quest 4 GTX, Vasque St. Elias GTX & Zamberlan Vioz. Altra Lone Peaks are great for those who typically wear trail runners but need a boot for rainy/snowy conditions. ANKLE SUPPORT - Most research says that if you want to prevent ankle injuries, you should focus on strengthening and stretching your ankles. That said, boots with more ankle support can help prevent rolled ankles and they sit higher up to better keep water out. For hikers looking for the added support, you should pick a boot that sits higher up on the ankle and be sure to tie the laces tightly. Hiking boots with the best ankle support: Salomon Quest 4, Lowa Renegade, Zamberlan Vioz, Vasque St. Elias & La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX. The Salomon Quest 4 boots provide excellent ankle support & weather protection. DURABILITY & MATERIALS - Hiking boots can be a big investment, so finding a durable pair will help you get the most bang for your buck. Traditional leather hiking boots are almost always going to be more durable than lightweight footwear. But if keeping weight low is important to you, look for a pair of hiking boots with reinforced mesh in the construction to get the best balance of weight and durability. Most durable hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4, Lowa Renegade, Vasque Breeze & Zamberlan Vioz. Boots with the best balance of weight & durability: Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX, La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX & Merrell Moab 3 GTX. The ultra-durable Zamberlan Vioz  boots are made with some of the highest quality materials around. WATERPROOF VS NON-WATERPROOF - Some of the boots on this list come in both waterproof and non-waterproof versions. Waterproof hiking boots can be a real lifesaver if you often hike in wet, muddy areas. We like using them for muddy day hikes in shoulder seasons and in the snow during winter. That said, waterproof boots aren’t very breathable so they can be a bit stuffy on hot days. They can also get heavy and be slow to dry when they get wet. Non-waterproof hiking boots are lighter and more breathable, and though they’re susceptible to getting wet, they dry fairly quickly. For occasions where we’d choose boots, we usually reach for waterproof ones. But if you do most of your hiking in the drier months, you’ll probably be more comfortable with non-waterproof. Best waterproof hiking boots: Salomon Quest 4, Salomon X Ultra 4, Lowa Renegade GTX, Vasque Breeze, Merrell Moab 3 GTX, La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX & KEEN Targhee III WP. Best non-waterproof hiking boots: Merrell Moab 3, KEEN Targhee Vent & Altra Lone Peak Hiker 2. Vasque Breeze are some of the most breathable waterproof boots we’ve tested. BEST HIKING BOOTS OVERALL. WEIGHT (PAIR): 3 lb. 4.2 oz. PROS: Excellent ankle support, stable, durable, excellent traction, supportive soles, good for backpacking with a heavier load. CONS: Heavier than some, require some break-in. BOTTOM LINE: The Salomon Quest 4 GTX offer some of the most robust ankle support of any of the hiking boots on our list, so they’re a great choice for hikers wanting maximum stability. Their durable materials and aggressive traction - in combination with that supportive design - will keep you moving confidently on the most rugged terrain. These boots are on the heavier side, but that can be a benefit if you tend to hike with a backpack that’s 40 lbs. and above. More burly hiking boots like the Quests won’t lose their support under a heavier load like lightweight footwear does. And the Quests still feel more nimble than the other more traditional boots on our list thanks to their well-balanced design. The Quests come at a high price, but they’re very worth the cost as you’ll be getting a solid pair of hiking boots that will remain comfortable and supportive over thousands of miles. BEST LIGHTWEIGHT HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 6 oz. SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: No break-in needed, excellent traction, ultralight, durable, stable, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Less ankle support than some. BOTTOM LINE: Comfort is the name of the game with the Salomon X Ultra 4 GTX boots. They’re flexible, they feel great right out of the box, and they’re exceptionally lightweight for boots, so they’re an excellent choice for backpackers who keep their pack weight around 35 lbs. or under. The X Ultras aren’t as supportive as the burlier models on this list, but they’ll feel like a dream for those looking for the best balance of protection and cushioning. And while the flexible collar allows for more movement around the ankle, the wing at the midfoot still provides stability for confidence on uneven terrain. Overall, we’re very impressed with the X Ultras, and we highly recommend them for anyone wanting a lightweight hiking boot that’s comfy enough for long distances with a lighter load. BEST HIKING BOOTS FOR BACKPACKING WITH A HEAVY LOAD. WEIGHT (PAIR): 3 lb. 1.9 oz. SIZING: True to size; available in narrow & wide sizes. PROS: Supportive, durable, excellent traction, stable, excellent ankle support, stylish, good for backpacking with a heavier load. CONS: Heavier than some, expensive, require longer break-in period. BOTTOM LINE: The Lowa Renegade GTX is a wildly popular boot that offers nearly unmatched durability and foot protection for hikers who regularly tackle tough terrain with a heavier load. The Renegades come in at a steep price, but their exceptional durability make them well worth the cost since you won’t need to buy another pair of boots for a good long while.  We often find that boots with this level of support can feel a bit restrictive, but  that’s not the case with the Renegades. These boots are quite comfortable to wear for long periods after some breaking-in. If top-tier ankle support and stability are what you’re after, the Lowa Renegades deliver in spades. And of course it doesn’t hurt that they look great while doing it. HIGHLY BREATHABLE WATERPROOF HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 3 lb. 0.5 oz. OPTIONS: Breeze LT NTX (lightweight version). SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: Affordable, breathable, durable, supportive, excellent traction, very little break-in required, stable. CONS: Heavier than some. BOTTOM LINE: The Vasque Breeze has returned due to popular demand, and the latest iteration puts a fresh spin on the tried-and-true original design. The newest Breeze is made with recycled materials and sports a more affordable price than previous versions. What really stands out about the Breeze compared to other hiking boots is how breathable they are for waterproof footwear. Mesh panels throughout the boots help your feet thermoregulate and allow them to dry faster when they get wet. These boots are also comfortable right out of the box - they require very little break-in since they’re lightweight and flexible. With so much goodness at such an approachable price, we expect to see a ton of Breeze boots out on the trails for years to come. If you’re looking to go a little lighter, we also like the LT Version which weighs about 50% less. AFFORDABLE & BREATHABLE HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lb. 10.5 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size; runs a little wide/high-volume & wider sizes are available. PROS: Affordable, very little break-in required, durable, breathable. CONS: Not as supportive as some, a bit bulky. BOTTOM LINE: Don’t mistake the low price of the Merrell Moab 3 GTXs to mean lower quality. These tried-and-true hiking boots have reigned as the top choice for budget-conscious hikers for as long as we can remember. The Moabs are our top recommendation if you’re after a midweight boot for day hiking. They’re comfortable, durable, they require very little break-in before they’re trail-ready, and they’re decently breathable for waterproof boots. Because they feel a little more bulky than some of our lightweight favorites, they aren’t our first choice for big-mile days. But they’ll last a long time, and they’re some of our go-tos for day hikes and weekend trips when the weather and trail call for more protection than a hiking shoe can offer. STURDY, LIGHTWEIGHT BOOTS WITH GREAT TRACTION. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lbs. 8.5 oz. SIZING: True to size, fits a little narrow; wide sizes available. PROS: Excellent traction, very lightweight for how rugged they are, breathable, good ankle support, durable, stylish, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Require some break-in, expensive. BOTTOM LINE: Hikers who frequently tackle tough terrain will appreciate the above-average traction and lightweight support of the La Sportiva Nucleo High II GTX boots. The Nucleos are exceptionally lightweight for how durable they are, and they’re decently breathable for waterproof boots. The high collar of the Nucleos provides ample ankle support, but their low weight keeps them feeling nimble and comfy enough for all-day wear. Whether you’re hitting the trail for a multi-day hike or just heading out for the day, these stylish boots are ready for adventure. The upper and soles are somewhat stiff, so you may want to add aftermarket insoles if you prefer a soft, cushioned feeling underfoot. But overall, we find the Nucleos extremely comfortable and highly recommend them for hikers looking for a boot with a good balance of traditional boot burliness and modern footwear low weight. BEST WIDE-FIT HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lb. 8.9 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size; runs a little wide/high-volume & wider sizes are available. PROS: Excellent traction, very little break-in required, very beefy toe cap, secure fit. CONS: Less supportive at the ankle than other boots, less durable than some. BOTTOM LINE: If you like a boot with a little extra wiggle room in the toe, the KEEN Targhee III Mid WP may be just the right fit. They’re designed with an extra wide toe box - wider sizes are also available - and they require very little break-in to achieve a comfy-all-day fit. The lacing system on the Targhees includes a unique band that attaches behind the heel to provide a secure, locked-in feeling that helps with stability on uneven terrain. And the varied lug pattern on the sole provides superb traction on all manner of trail. Those who like a lot of ankle support will probably find them to be a little less protective than other boots on this list, but we view them as a good balance between support and flexibility. Overall, hikers looking for a wide-fitting boot at a great value price won’t be disappointed by the Targhees. BEST MINIMALIST HIKING BOOTS. WEIGHT (PAIR): 1 lb. 14.4 oz. OPTIONS: Non-waterproof. SIZING: True to size: wide toe box. PROS: Ultralight, wide toe box, no break-in required, flexible, excellent traction, good for lightweight backpacking. CONS: Less durable than some (waterproof membrane wears out quicker than others), less supportive than others. BOTTOM LINE: The Altra Lone Peak ALL-WTHR Mids are much lighter and less bulky than traditional boots. So they’re perfect for hikers and backpackers who are after the extra protection and waterproofing of a boot without the need for burly support. The waterproof layer is an eVent membrane which is a bit more breathable than the more common GORE-TEX, but it’s not quite as durable. That said, we find the flexibility and low weight of the Lone Peaks to be well worth that tradeoff when we’re logging lots of miles. The latest iteration of these shoes is more supportive than previous models, but the Lone Peaks offer a lower level of support overall than some of the beefier boots on our list. For fast and light adventures that call for more protection than a trail runner can provide, the Lone Peaks can’t be beat. DURABLE HIKING BOOTS WITH GREAT SUPPORT & STABILITY. WEIGHT (PAIR): 3 lb. 7 oz. SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: Supportive, durable, excellent traction, excellent ankle support, stable, very beefy toe cap, stylish, good for backpacking with a heavier load. CONS: Heavier than some, expensive, stiff, require longer break-in period. BOTTOM LINE: The classic look of the Vasque St. Elias GTX boots is backed up by the tried-and-true durability of their traditional leather build. The ankle cuff provides ample support and the stout toe cap gives great protection for tackling trails with a lot of rocks and roots. Like many other traditional boots, the St. Elias are more stiff than lighter options. But once they loosen up a bit, you’ll have a bomb-proof, high-quality hiking boot that will look great, feel comfy, and perform well for years to come. Still, much of that stiffness will remain to help provide stability on technical trails. When it comes to durability and support, the Vasque St. Elias is a leader in the boot market. Choose this hiking boot if you tend to carry heavier loads around 40 lbs. or more on rough paths and off-trail routes. HEAVY-DUTY BOOTS WITH A HIGH-QUALITY BUILD. WEIGHT (PAIR): 4 lb. 4.8 oz. SIZING: True to size; wide sizes available. PROS: High-quality materials & construction, excellent traction, excellent ankle support, durable. CONS: Expensive, heavy, stiff, require longer break-in period. BOTTOM LINE: You’ve likely noticed that the Zamberlan Vioz GTX come with a very steep price tag, but are they worth it? We say definitively yes, as very few hiking boots can compete with the quality build and durability of the Vioz. These boots are made for hikers looking for the the beefiest support, the most stable ride, and the most protective build. Though they’re built like a tank and the heaviest boots on our list, we’ve been surprised by how comfortable the Vioz are. That said, the full-grain leather upper requires more breaking-in than other hiking boots before they can fully shine. Hikers who need a serious boot that can withstand the toughest of terrain will quickly learn that the high cost of the Zamberlan Vioz is worth every penny for the thousands of miles they’ll get out of these boots. BUDGET-FRIENDLY HIKING BOOTS FOR CASUAL HIKES. MSRP: $120 (often on sale for less). WEIGHT (PAIR): 2 lb. 7.6 oz. SIZING: Runs a bit large. PROS: Affordable, lightweight. CONS: Stiff upper, require longer break-in period, less durable than some. BOTTOM LINE: If you’re on a tight budget and itching to hit the trail, the Timberland Mt. Maddsen WP are the most budget-friendly hiking boots on our list. The Mt. Maddsens feature a classic, all-leather look and they’re reasonably lightweight, but we’d be lying if we said these boots were comfortable enough for long days on trail. They’re stiff and the toe box caused some irritation at first, but that did subside quite a bit after some use. We recommend thoroughly breaking them in before any big hikes. While the Mt Maddsens aren’t our top recommendation, we felt they still deserved a shoutout on our list because the friendly price point is perfect for getting you on the trail when the budget is tight. We typically find it more practical to spend a little more for footwear that will last longer, but the Mt. Maddsens perform well and are still a solid choice if you need to save some bucks. We’ve field-tested all of the boots we recommend. The following hiking boots didn’t make our final list, but they’re very popular, and they’ve still got a lot of good things going for them. You never know, one of these pairs of boots might be your perfect fit:. HOKA Kaha 2 GTX - These trail runner hybrids have thick, springy soles that help absorb shock and provide resilience on rough terrain. The Kahas have standout traction and breathability, but those looking for a super stable boot may not like them due to the minimal ankle support and taller stack height. Asolo Fugitive GTX - The Asolo Fugitives are breathable boots that offer ample protection. They’re known for their high-quality materials and construction, but that comes with a high price tag. Danner Mountain 600 Mid WP - These midweight hiking boots have iconic style. They’re known for exceptional durability, but we didn’t feel they stood out in performance categories. Scarpa Zodiac Plus GTX - The Scarpa Zodiac Plus are a hybrid of hiking/mountaineering/approach boots. They excel on the most technical of terrain, but they’re overkill for most hikers’ needs. We own & use all of the hiking boots we recommend. BOOTS VS. SHOES VS. TRAIL RUNNERS - Hiking footwear is a really personal choice, and people often have differing opinions on what type of shoe works best for hiking. We tend to prefer lightweight trail runners since they’re more comfortable to hike long distances in and they’re typically more breathable. Traditional hiking boots - especially those made with leather - are going to be more durable, but they’re typically significantly heavier/bulkier. Here’s an article that will help you decide which style works best for you. SIZING - Feet can swell during long days on the trail, so it’s good to buy hiking footwear at least a half size larger than your normal shoes. A good way to test sizing on your boots is to loosen all the laces, situate your foot so that your toes touch the front of the toe box, and then make sure you can put your index finger between your heel and the back of the boot. This will ensure that your toes don’t slide forward and hit the toe box on downhill sections of trail. You should also consider which socks you’ll be wearing and if you’ll be adding aftermarket insoles when choosing a size. It’s much better for footwear to be a little big than too small. CHecking the fit on the Vasque Breeze - SLIGHTLY LOOSE bootS ARE FAR BETTER THAN TIGHT. BREAK-IN PERIOD - You’re going to take thousands of steps on any backpacking or hiking trip, so you need to know that your footwear will fit comfortably and won’t cause blisters. We recommend buying your footwear at least a few weeks before any long hiking trips and spending as much time in them as you can. This will allow your new hiking boots to soften up, and you can make sure they work well for your feet. If you notice any issues, it’s much easier to address them before you head into the backcountry. TRACTION - Traction is one of the most important aspects of backpacking and hiking footwear. Your hiking boots will take you over narrow and rocky ridgelines, through slippery water crossings, and across loose scree fields. Knowing that your footwear will keep you from slipping is crucial, especially over washed out or exposed sections of trail. We heavily factored quality traction into all of our footwear recommendations. Comparing tread patterns on the Zamberlan Vioz, Vasque Breeze, Altra Lone Peak & KEEN Targhee III. MANAGING MOISTURE & BLISTERS - If you’re on an extended trip with lots of water crossings or hiking in persistently wet conditions, your feet will likely get wet whether your footwear is waterproof or not. Wet feet can lead to hot spots and blisters, so it's critical to know how to manage moisture, prevent, and treat blisters. WATERPROOFING TREATMENTS - Waterproof footwear is ideal for soggy day hikes, but it’s important to remember that “waterproof” doesn’t mean that water can never get in. Water will always find a way in during a prolonged downpour and light rain can drip down your legs and into the top of your boots. Even the highest quality boots will develop small holes that allow moisture to creep in over time. Waterproof treatments are not permanent, you’ll eventually need to reapply a treatment to keep your hiking boots sealed. Waterproof hiking boots can help you move with confidence through mucky conditions. SOCKS - We’ve found that wearing quality socks makes a big difference in how long we can keep our feet happy and in good shape on trail. Hiking socks should be comfortable, durable, and made with materials that wick moisture away from your skin. Check out our Best Hiking Socks list to see our top picks. INSOLES - Aftermarket insoles can help alleviate a variety of shoe discomforts on the trail. If you suffer from plantar fasciitis or you just need more cushioning and support in an otherwise rigid shoe, swapping insoles may be your solution. Insoles can also help take up a little extra space in footwear for a customized fit if you’re between sizes. IF YOU PLAN TO ADD AFTERMARKET INSOLES TO YOUR BOOTS, MAKE SURE THE SIZE YOU CHOOSE CAN ACCOMMODATE THEM. If you liked this list, you’ll love the CleverHiker Gear Guide where we test and recommend tons of outdoor adventure gear from a variety of categories. here are some links to popular articles:. 10 Best Backpacking Tents. 10 Best Sleeping Bags. 10 Best Sleeping Pads. 10 Best Backpacking Packs. 10 Best Backpacking Stoves. CleverHiker Top Gear Picks. Vasque Breeze boots are durable & require very little break-in to be comfortable. We fully understand how tough it is to find trustworthy gear advice, and that’s one of the main reasons we built CleverHiker. We live for outdoor adventure, and we take these guides very seriously. Here are some of the reasons you can trust us:. Our choices are completely independent and based on personal experience. We’ve logged over 10,000 trail miles and test outdoor gear for a living. We own and field test every product we recommend, which is sadly not the norm. We travel to industry trade shows to learn about upcoming product innovations. We constantly update our guides when new products launch. We treat our recommendations as if they were for our family and friends. We’re lifelong learners and we’re always open to constructive criticism. If you think we’ve missed a product or got something wrong, we’d love to hear your feedback. We hope this guide helps you find the perfect gear for your needs. If you have more questions or a suggestion, we’d love to hear from you! Sign up for our newsletter to stay updated on our latest posts then visit our Facebook page and Instagram to join the community conversation. If you found this guide helpful, please give it a share on social media! Also, be sure to check out our CleverHiker Gear Guide to see all of our top gear picks. Thanks for reading and happy trails! Casey Handley is an avid outdoor adventurer and self-described gear nerd. She’s hiked thousands of miles on trails across America, including the Appalachian Trail, John Muir Trail, Colorado Trail, and Long Trail. The crinkle of a new Dyneema tent, the smell of Doug fir trees, and shaving an ounce off her pack weight are some of her favorite things. Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, which means we may receive a modest commission if purchases are made through those links. This adds no cost to our readers and helps us keep our site up and running. Our reputation is our most important asset, which is why we only provide completely honest and unbiased recommendations. Lightweight backpacking video guides and reviews of the best ultralight tents, backpacks, sleeping bags, stoves, and more. We're Dave & Annie, the outdoor adventurers behind CleverHiker. We love backpacking, international travel, useful gear, and all things nature. Read more... New videos, trip reports, gear reviews, inspiring stories and more. We respect your privacy. Follow CleverHiker on Facebook to catch our latest updates & shares. Keep up with our latest tutorials and gear reviews on YouTube. Social media is great, but our bi-weekly newsletter is a much better way to stay in the know. Sign up to get our curated emails with the best content from CleverHiker and around the backpacking world. You'll be turned on to new videos, trip reports, gear reviews, inspiring outdoor stories and much more. So get in the mix! We respect your privacy. CleverHiker.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. © CleverHiker.com 2023 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - 100%.

The perfect mix of modern luxury business and lifestyle stories. Distilled, not diluted. Sneakerheads, assemble! At Luxe Digital, we independently research, review, and recommend products we love and that we think you will love, too. Learn more about how we curate the best products for you. Ever since luxury sneakers found their sartorial footing, they have become an essential element of every man’s casual wardrobe, providing comfort and coolness to any outfit for men. The value of designer sneakers is unquestionable: Sneakers offer a level of style, versatility, and comfort that other casual shoes can’t match. Now, you’re just as likely to see the best trendy sneakers in the office as you are in the gym. Match them with a pair of jeans for an elegant casual look, or dress them up with a suit for a business casual style. With luxury sneakers, you’re getting premium fabrics and materials from high-end designers and luxury brands. They can be expensive, yes. But you’re getting a level of attention to detail and craftsmanship that mass-market brands can’t deliver. However, it doesn’t necessarily mean that you have to pay a fortune for your designer shoes: our stylists hand-picked budget-friendly, high-quality alternatives for the best luxury sneakers listed below. Traditional sports and athletic wear brands such as Adidas, Nike, and New Balance have branched out to design classic streetwear shoes that can also look elegant. From Gucci to Tom Ford and Balenciaga, every sneaker featured on our list can become your go-to shoes for most days of the week. Men’s premium casual shoes below are versatile, stylish, and functional. We think it’s money well spent. In a rush? No problem! Here’s our shortlist of the absolute best sneakers for men available right now:. Comfort and style meet minimalist design. Italian premium leather for a modern silouhette. An all-time classic at a great price. Here’s our ultimate list of the best sneakers of 2023 for men. You can easily navigate to the category you’re most interested in. Oliver Cabell is making a name for itself, consistently delivering high-quality premium sneakers with a simple minimalist design. This sublime pair of all-white sneakers is discrete and minimalist yet very stylish. Oliver Cabell handcrafts all its shoes using ethical factories and materials. Be sure to read our full Oliver Cabell review for more details about our hands-on (or could we say ‘feet on‘) experience with the Low 1. We also have a brand profile on the story behind Oliver Cabell. Axel Arigato is another sneaker brand that excels at producing minimalist sneakers with a luxurious, low-key look. This pair of white leather sneakers with a discreet golden logo is one of our favorites. Clean 90 White Sneakers. We absolutely love the Koio Capri’s sneakers collection as our everyday sneakers. These simple yet elegant premium leather sneakers are perfect to match with jeans to dress up during the week or casually for the weekend. The perfect everyday sneakers for men really. We’ve picked the black onyx model here for its timeless and classic sneakers look, but the shoe is also available in rich brown leather, classic white, and many more color options. Koio is a fast-growing online sneaker brand created by two passionate sneakerheads. They design their shoes in the USA and produce them in Italy. Check our in-depth Koio sneakers review and learn more about the story behind the Koio brand. Another excellent casual sneaker option to wear daily is these sustainable, irresistibly stylish sneakers by French-based brand Veja. Many color combinations are available, but we recommend a simple and neutral color combination for a timeless pair. Nothing beats a pair of clean, minimalist sneakers for men. Our favorites have to be these versatile suede sneakers by street-smart Swedish label, Axel Arigato. Blending the understated minimalism of Scandinavian and Japanese culture with a hint of playfulness, they can be dressed up with classic tailoring or dressed down with activewear or casual jeans. Axel Arigato’s Clean 90 Sneaker collection is a real game-changer and we’re definitely tempted to buy multiple pairs. There are heaps of styles available, featuring everything from 3D embroidered birds to zebra print heel tabs. But we appreciate the unfussy sophistication of this beige suede pair. This cool update of the classic Clean 90 Sneaker is handmade from premium suede with a luxurious texture. The back tab in smooth leather offers an aesthetically satisfying contrast. With a slightly higher heel, cushioned footbed, and arch support, these Axel Arigato Clean 90 sneakers provide ultimate comfort from morning until evening, and wherever you end up in between. Check our Axel Arigato sneakers review to learn more about the Clean 90 and read our Axel Arigato brand story to discover the history behind the fashion label. If you’re looking for something edgier, check these distressed sneakers by Golden Goose instead. The Italian luxury shoemaker combines luxury materials, true craftsmanship, and edgy design to the world of men’s sneakers. The results are some of the most trendy men’s sneakers of the year with a sought-after distressed leather look. Stylish Distressed Sneakers. Nike is one of those failsafe, classic sneaker brands you need in your shoe rotation. The Nike Air Force 1 is quite simply the most popular men’s sneaker of 2023. On-trend with a retro yet timeless look and legitimate street credibility, the Nike Air Force 1 ’07 are great value too, selling for just $110. We love this particular all-white iteration with durably stitched overlays, clean finishes, and the perfect amount of flash to make you shine. The Air Force 1 has defined shoe culture since the moment it stepped onto the court. And it continues to be a fashion staple thanks to clean lines, a strong midsole, and new and classic colorways in low, mid, and high-top styles.You can also fully customize your own Air Force 1 design with the Nike By You program. Create your own sneaker by selecting the colors and materials for every component of the athletic shoe. If you’re looking for a slightly more edgy pair of sneakers, the Nike Air Max is another bestseller in 2023. The Nike Air Max comes in a large range of style and designs, but we’ve shortlisted the Air Max 95 Premium as our choice for this year. These sporty sneakers take inspiration from the ’90 classic track aesthetics. Nike’s signature lightweight rubber sole makes it also one of the most comfortable sneakers to wear all day long. No wonder the Nike Air Max 95 are one of the absolute best-rated sneakers online. Check our Nike Air Max 95 lookbook for more inspiration on how to rock this pair. When Adidas first introduced the Ultraboost, the shoe received rave reviews online for its build quality and comfort. Put the sneakers on your feet, and you’ll feel like you’re walking on clouds! The latest version, the Adidas Ultraboost 22, is excellent for running as well. Better yet: the Ultraboost are made from recyclable materials, so they are friendly to our planet. The Ultraboost is now available in a large range of colors and styles. The breathable mesh top is particularly comfortable during the summer to keep your feet cool. It’s also one of the few pairs of shoes on our list with true athletic capabilities. You can use them on the track, at the gym, or as your go-to pair on the weekend. Pssst: you can snatch a brand new pair of Ultraboost at a discount if you purchase the previous version, the Ultraboost 5.0 DNA, from Adidas here. A favorite sustainable sneakers brand of Leonardo Dicaprio and ours for both comfort and value, Allbirds has earned itself a status as the world’s most comfortable shoes—and after putting Allbirds’ sneakers to the test, we reckon it’s pretty much true. Made from sustainable eucalyptus tree fiber, these everyday sneakers are breathable, machine washable, and odor-resistant. Sometimes magic can happen in your comfort zone, and by that, we mean slipping in these black sock trainers by Hugo Boss. Oh, and did we mention they are partially made from plastic bottles that would otherwise end up in the ocean? A look-good, feel-good sneaker—we are sold. If you are looking for a convincing argument for stepping into the dark side, in a good way, these black dress sneakers by New Republic are all you need to know. Yes, you can wear black-on-black sneakers and still be trendy. Simple as that. The black sneakers feature a sustainable Tencel mesh footbed (Read: memory foam luxury mattresses for your feet) for increased comfort and breathability. No break-in time is needed. Classic style and effortless elegance at affordable prices? Need we say more? If you want a luxury pair of black sneakers, try these Common Projects sneakers. These black leather and black sole sneakers even come with matching black lace-up closure. Only a discrete serial number stamp in gold tone is present on the outer side for a touch of style. Black Original Achilles Low Sneakers. One way to add a little character to an otherwise all-black sneaker is to play with textures. And this modern take on the iconic Gucci Ace Sneakers is a case in point. Embossed with a tonal GG Supreme pattern, these luxury sneakers are the epitome of elegant sophistication and bold confidence. Every man should own a pair of pure white sneakers. They are easy to wear with nearly everything, and will instantly freshen up your look. White sneakers don’t have to be boring, however. To be on-trend, check this pair of Koio Capri Triple White. The shoe is very comfortable even after a long day of walking. The full-grain lether will age gracefully if you wear them everyday and let them scuff up. It’s also easy to keep white if you prefer to maintain their pristine look and only wear them occasionally. Another great option for white sneakers for men is the Oliver Cabell Low 1. It’s a great value alternative if you want simple yet stylish white sneakers made with high-quality materials. Looking for the perfect pair of sneakers to dress-up in the office while still being comfortable in your shoes? Look no further! Amberjack’s The Original is the comfortable office sneakers you’ve beeing searching for. We have an entire guide on the best dress shoes for men if you want more options. But you can trust our hands-on review of Amberjack’s shoes, they are super comfy and totally appropriate to wear in the office. The work sneakers are available in a wide variety of colors, including black, chestnut, and honey so you can easily pair them with your favorite pair of pants. We think it’s a great pair of sneakers for men over 30, but younger men can also wear them to dress up. Looking for an all-black sneaker instead, Oliver Cabell has exactly what you need with this Jet Black version of their best-selling Low 1 shoe. The pair is crafted in Italy with calfskin leather and Margom outsoles. Allbirds really are some of the most comfortable shoes for standing all day. If you like Allbirds’ everyday sneakers, but you want something with a bit more support for your next 10K (or casual jog), check out the Tree Dashers. Made from eucalyptus tree fibers and with a dual-density SweetFoam midsole made from sugarcane, they’re sustainable and performance-ready. Supportive, stable, flexible, and well-cushioned, they also have the added bonus of being available in half-sizes. Learn more about the story behind Allbirds. For comfort while walking through town all day, we also really like Salomon S/Lab’s XT-6 sneakers. The French shoe manufacturer is seeing a massive increase in their sneaker sales since it became a high-fashion status symbol (Even Ralph Lauren and Rihanna started wearing these cool shoes). If you want a pair of sneakers that can support you all day long, even if you decide to break a bit of a sweat, try the On Running Cloud X. We’ve become a fan of the brand since testing their unique sole technology (check our On Running shoes review to learn more). The Cloud X are super light but have enoug structure and support to be versatile. They’re so light that we personally use them as lifestyle sneakers to go about our daily tasks in the summer months, but, according to Reddit reviews, plenty of guys also wear them at the gym to exercise. We picked the glacier and olive version for the image above, but it also comes in classic black and white or more edgy color tones to suit your tastes. On-trend with the retro look and dad sneakers inspiration, we love these simple yet stylish trainers. The Nike Killshot 2 has legitimate street credibility and costs less than $100. These sneakers are hard to get, however, and tend to sell out as quickly as they’re restocked. We love this particular iteration with midnight navy’ swooshes on white leather and light-grey suede trims. The abrasion-resistant gum rubber soles complete the look for a classic tennis sneaker. Another great option under $100 is the timeless Adidas Originals Stan Smith sneakers. They’ve been around forever and will last you just as long. If you’re on a really tight budget, your options are limited, but you can still find cool sneakers under $50. You can’t go wrong with this classic pair of black-and-white Vans. Their timeless design and excellent build quality make them the perfect affordable sneaker. They are available in a range of colors to suit your style. Looking for another cheap pair? Even if you’re not a total denim nerd, you must know Levi’s. And just like their iconic classic jeans, the sneakers deliver timeless casual style and plenty of low-key cool vibes. They are comfortable, durable, and of good value. We found the best deals on Amazon for these Levi’s sneakers under $50. Every man should have a pair of Adidas Originals Superstar in his sneakers collection. The design is timeless. Some even call them the best sneakers of all time. The shoes come in a variety of colors, but if we have to pick just one, we would recommend the classic white leather with black stripes. If you close your eyes and picture one of the most classic sneakers in history, chances are that the Converse Chuck Taylor will pop into your head. Black Chuck Taylor Sneakers. This pair of gold mid sneakers by French luxury designer Céline is bold, comfortable, and highly desirable. You won’t go unnoticed walking down the street with this statement piece on your feet. If you’re after high-top sneakers with some peps, check these luxury sneakers by Dior, too. Crafted in white and gray smooth calfskin, with the brand’s instantly-recognizable Oblique Galaxy, Dior B27 will effortlessly enhance any favorite look. B27 High-Top Sneakers. The Adidas Yeezy Boost is in such high demand that the only way you could buy a pair right now is on Farfetch or the resale website StockX. The Yeezy, born from a collaboration between Kanye West and Adidas, also makes for a great sneaker investment if you plan on selling them back. Their aftermarket price has increased by 27% since they first went on sale. They remain one of the hottest sneakers of the year. Hipsters love them for their unique look, sneakerheads love them for their investment value on aftermarket websites. We give an honorable mention for this alternative: the beloved Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG in a brand new shiny look. The classic Air Jordan high-top silhouette remains a timeless hit with a modern twist thanks to its patent leather in black and red tones. Air Jordan 1 Retro High. Life might be colorful, but sometimes we do love things to be simply black and white like these Balmain luxury sneakers. With its clean and trendy design, the sleek Balmain B-Court sneakers will keep you comfortably stylish. The shoe is made with high-quality leather and extra padding. The back of the sole features a glossy rubberized trip with the luxury house logo embossed at the heel. An equally as trendy and cool sneaker (and more affordable) is the retro-inspired Genesis Vintage Runner by Axel Arigato. Set on a lightweight modern, streamlined sole, these sneakers are both comfortable and stylish. Added bonus? They’re responsibly crafted from recycled bottles and plastic waste. Gucci nailed the tennis shoe throwback design. The retro-inspired Gucci Tennis 1977 sneakers have an air of classic tennis shoes with a modern interpretation. They are crafted in Italy from white leather. There is something about the heritage-inspired striped webbing trims that gives them a great personality. These tennis sneakers look great, on and off the tennis court. For a modern take on the tennis sneaker, check these Nike tennis shoes for men: NikeCourt Vapor Lite. These black tennis shoes are breathable, lightweight, and incredibly comfortable. Made with Gore-Tex, a high-tech material that ensures a high level of water resistance, the Nike Air Force 1 GTX is one of the most durable sneakers on the market today. We especially love them in crisp black leather for a timeless look. A great reinterpretation of the basketball OG—the classic Air Force—with modern design details. This pair of high-top Converse is another excellent option if you want to invest in sneakers that will stay with you for years to come. Their design is both durable and timeless. Chuck Taylor All Star High-Top Sneakers. Channeling ’80s vintage, the Nike Dunk High Retro is an old-school high-top sneaker rooted in comfort. It’s very wearable with just enough street attitude and exciting elements to make people stop and notice. We love a good collaboration, and if it’s bringing uber-cool sneakers to the table and on our feet, even better. Born from a partnership between New Balance and Aimé Leon Dore, these athletic Taupe sneakers are upgrading New Balance’s dad shoe with a contrasting mixture of suede and mesh and an interesting colorway inspired by New York City aesthetics and the Big Apple’s subway cars in the graffiti glory days of the 1990s. Honorable mention: The collaboration between Nike and Supreme has produced many sought-after shoes over the years and this Supreme x Nike Air sneaker is no exception. More Uptempo Sneakers. Influenced by classic Austrian runners from the ’70s, Maison Margiela’s ‘Replica’ sneakers offer an authentic vintage sports vibe. Made from a combination of leather and suede, they also feature gripped rubber soles and internal straps for a secure fit. British sports brand Reebok defined the 1980s with its classic sneakers that embody the ultimate athletic shoes of yesteryear. This Reebok Club C Revenge is a cool and affordable retro sneaker. Club C Leather Sneakers. Our absolute favorite running shoes at the moment are the Nike Vaporfly. These racing shoes are hands down the best athletic sneakers on the market today. In fact, they are so good at helping you run faster than the International Association of Athletics Federations is examining if they provide an unfair advantage to athletes who wear them. The redesigned upper further improves comfort and breathability while the responsive cushioning and secure support help you chase new goals and records. For long-distance running, check the ASICS Gel-Nimbus 21. These sports shoes were built from the ground up to provide support, comfort, and excellent traction for runners. They are available in a range of colors on Amazon here. On Running sneakers are also beloved by the world’s best runners and running the show when it comes to 24/7 comfort and style. Whether you are running errands or training for a marathon, On Running Cloudstratus is the performance shoe you need if you are after maximum cushioning on road runs. Cloudstratus Trainers. If you could only wear one pair of sneakers, this timeless pair from Tom Ford would be our pick. It comes in a variety of colors, but we particularly like this classic brown suede pair. It’s easy to wear with just about everything in your closet for a casual to business casual look. Made in Italy from premium materials, these Tom Ford Warwick sneakers are finished with discreet branding, including a perforated T logo on both sides. For a good alternative at an affordable price, check these white canvas sneakers by New Republic. Ready-made for California living, they are easy to style, endlessly versatile, and somehow effortlessly elegant. Black OG Old Skool LX. On-trend with a retro yet timeless look and legitimate street credibility, the New Republic Bowery are the best value sneakers of 2023. Currently selling for less than $25, you’ll be hard pressed to find a better deal for this level of quality online. We love this particular graphite canvas iteration with durably stitched overlays, clean finishes, and the perfect amount of flash to make you shine. Plenty of other style and colors are available on New Republic’s sneakers page, though, just take your pick. For a low-key and affordable alternative, check these black and white Puma Roma sneakers. With their timeless design and great value for money, it’s no surprise that they have over 40,000 positive reviews on Amazon. Black & White Roma Sneakers. As luxe as a sneaker can get, this pair of Loro Piana might be some of the most expensive sneakers on the market but they are definitely worth the price tag. Loro Piana is praised for its premium fabrics and meticulous construction, and these ‘Nuages’ sneakers are proof of why they’re one of the best at what they do. As timeless—and timely—as ever, these ‘Nuages’ sneakers have been expertly crafted in Italy from smooth suede that’s water-repellent and stain-resistant. Lightweight and comfortable, this refined pair will work equally well with relaxed tailoring and casual looks. On the resale market, the most expensive sneakers on sale today are the limited edition Nike MAG Back To The Future. They sell for over $30,000 on StockX at the moment. MAG Back To The Future. One of the most highly anticipated sneaker collab of the year, the Dior x Air Jordan 1 Low sneaker is the perfect balance between sporty classic and high-style. Nike Air Jordan x Dior. Our editorial team reviewed hundreds of sneakers while compiling this list of the absolute best for 2023. This gives us a unique position to observe the trends that are shaping the world of designer sneakers this year. Here are the 5 most important trends of the year:. EDITOR’S CHOICE: Oliver Cabell Low 1. Oliver Cabell’s Low 1 sneakers offer the perfect balance of style and comfort  at a fair price. Our Verdict: The perfect pair of men’s designer sneakers. Athletic brands invented sneakers. But today, you can now buy sneakers from virtually any fashion brand on the planet. From entry-level to high-end luxury fashion statements, there are sneakers available for every budget. Some brands really define the sneaker culture, however. They created something new and established themselves as true shapers and visionaries. Here are the 6 brands that are critical to the world of men’s sneakers:. No list of the best sneakers brands would be credible without Nike at the top. The American sports brand continues to renew itself every year with new technology and design. Nike’s capacity to push its sneakers in every direction at the same time is absolutely delightful. Adidas has successfully completed a comeback over the past few years, diving deep into the streetwear culture with collaborations with Fear Of God by Jerry Lorenzo and Yeezy by Kayne West, for example, while staying true and authentic to their core value. The Italian luxury brand Gucci was among the first big names to embrace the casual and sportier men shoe look. Gucci’s design really took over the streetwear fashion world with iconic models. French luxury brand Balenciaga came late to the sneakers game. But they came big. The designer is revisiting classics from the 80s and 90s with a modern twist. High-end designer Tom Ford is known for his use of premium materials and attention to detail. The Tom Ford sneaker collection is absolutely top-notch. They provide superb style with long-lasting quality. While less known than the other luxury brands in our list, Common Projects has been making a case for luxury sneakers for a decade. Working with premium materials and thoughtful designs, Common Projects earned street credibility among its fans and offers excellent value for money. Some of the hottest sneakers right now are minimalist in design from brands like Axel Arigato, Oliver Cabell, and Koio. Other trendy styles include sporty, chunky sneakers by Balenciaga, New Balance, and On Running. The most comfortable sneakers to wear all day are the Adidas Ultraboost. The breathable mesh top is particularly comfortable during the summer to keep your feet cool. It’s also one of the few pairs of shoes on our list with true athletic capabilities. See the full list of the best men’s sneakers of 2023 for more inspiration. The Nike Air Force 1 is the most popular men’s sneaker at the moment. Nike’s signature lightweight React rubber sole makes it also one of the most comfortable sneakers to wear all day long. The best men’s sneakers brand is Nike. With an exptensive range of shoes across lifestyle and athletic categories, Nike is a trustworthy and timeless sneakers brand. For more unique and premium design, however, we recommend Oliver Cabell, Axel Arigato, Koio, and On Running. All products featured in this article are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases. This comes at no extra cost for you and supports our team to create more content. Read our earnings disclaimer to learn more. The definitive guide to enjoying Bourbon.

The 13 Absolute Best Places To Buy Sandals Online—... The 16 Best Pairs of Ballet Flats to Complete Your... 25 Can’t-Miss Clothing Sales to Shop Right Now—Including... Every Meaning, Easter Egg & Fan Theory Behind Taylor... 8 Beach-Friendly Sandals That Will Guarantee a Fashionable... Scroll To See More Images. If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, STYLECASTER may receive an affiliate commission. It’s probably time to replace those sneakers. You know, the pair that was once stark white and has now transformed into an unidentifiable shade of dirty from the music festivals, vacations, dive bars and nature walks you’ve worn them for. Moving on from a pair of sneakers is a bittersweet feeling—you’ve been through a lot together! If you’re feeling hesitant, I understand but I promise the sneaker trends for 2023 will make you excited to slip your feet into a new pair. Plus, you’re guaranteed to form a lasting bond with one of the 2023 sneaker trends because they have a few common, loveable factors. For starters, every shoe on the list is undoubtedly comfortable—it’s hard to have a passion for fashion if your feet hurt! And as an added bonus, the trends are super cute and include a style for everyone. Keep reading for the 10 pairs you should consider to kick off 2023. Sneakers with exposed tread are the latest design choice to trend in 2023. When in doubt, tread is trendy, tread is trendy—just say it three times fast and a pair of New Balance’s will appear (I wish). Shoes with a wide tread are a design option that looks cool while having increased functionality which can be hard to find. Brands like New Balance are leading the tread charge with an entire line of sneakers featuring an overexposed jagged tread—if you’re looking for something a little more subtle, opt for a platform tread. Most sneaker brands make a pair but I’m partial to the styles by Veja. These retro-inspired sneakers will add some prep to your step—and an extra bit of flair with the exposed tread. I love the combination of suede and leather on this pair. Courtesy of Rag & Bone. This pair of Rag & Bone shoes aren’t your average pair of sneakers. The body features a pretty purple pastel shade and a unique mesh fabric. This pair is definitely meant more for everyday wear and less for sport. Ok soccer stars, you might not have kicked a ball since middle school but it’s time to get your Adidas Sambas on and get back on the field. Fashion coach Bella Hadid kicked off the Samba sneaker trend and now I’m unable to scroll on my TikTok FYP without seeing an unboxing. Luckily, this trend is on the more affordable side (the shoes are under $80) and is super cute and comfortable to wear. Score! For Bella Hadid-approved style, you can’t go wrong with the classic Adidas Samba sneakers. This pair is unisex so you can expect everyone to be wearing these all year. Plus, they have stellar arch support. Adidas Samba sneakers are hard to get your hands on but this pair of Gazelle sneakers capture the same vibe (and are available in a full-size range!). The low silhouette—which was originally intended for skateboarding—is the basis of the Samba trend. Pair these sneakers with crew socks and a mini skirt for the full Bella Hadid-inspired look. Similarly to the Adidas Sambas trend, sometimes a very niche shoe will break out of its typical consumer box and enter the mainstream space. Ask any hiker if they’ve bought a pair of “trendy” Salomon sneakers or any distance runner if they’ve worn “cute” Hokas for their morning walks—you’re going to get an eye roll as a response because these groups have been wearing and loving these sneaker brands for ages. I’ll admit that both styles of shoes fit in the “so ugly they’re cute” category of shoes—I now own three pairs of Salomons and now fully think they’re the height of fashion. To be fair, I did purchase a pair for a legitimate hike. From hiking trails to downtown NYC street style, get a shoe that can do both. The Salomon trail running sneakers have been spending a lot more time in the city (and are another Bella Hadid favorite). For an untraditional but increasingly popular urban look, you can’t go wrong with this sporty style. The best colorways are in the men’s section so order your size accordingly. The chunky aesthetic of Hoka sneakers may take a minute to visually grow on you but I promise you’ll love them once they’re on your feet. This sneaker has become the new staple of hot girl walks and will look great with your athleisure apparel coffee runs. If there are two pairs of shoes that should make a “top trends” list every single year, it’s without a doubt high-top Converse and the C 85 Vintage Reeboks. Though both of these shoes will see big waves of popularity every few years, they truly never go out of style. These vintage styles have been around for so long because they’re comfortable, affordable and simply look cool with every style of outfit. They may not be good shoes for running, but they’re good for every other activity. Courtesy of Converse. For a classic retro sneaker, there is no better option than the Converse Chuck Taylor high tops. A classic black pair is an ultimate shoe to wear with jeans, cargo pants, a maxi skirt or truly whatever is in your wardrobe. A timeless, lifelong excellent purchase. When I’m not sure what shoes to wear, I always gravitate toward my vintage-inspired white Reeboks. They always look fresh and keep my feet comfortable for miles and miles. This is a trend that I hope never goes anywhere: the traditional sporty running shoe. Balenciaga released a line of sneakers last year that were sleek, sporty and had just the right about of “dad” feel. I was debating dropping an unjustifiable amount of money on the running shoes (hey, Justin Bieber wore them!) until I released that they looked identical to Asics and the brand had been making the style for years. I purchased Asics running shoes instead for a fraction of the price (and better quality) and have been wearing them for both runs and fashion meetings ever since. For fashion-approved running shoes, look no further than anything created by Asics. Not only is the brand incredibly functional and comfortable, it’s also the OG quintessential sleek, sporty shoe. I can’t go two days without wearing this pair. Courtesy of adidas by Stella McCartney. I can always count on the Adidas by Stella McCartney collab to have a pair of colorful sneakers. This bright blue pair is the perfect way to make a statement in the gym. StyleCaster is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2023 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP.

Dress Better & Feel Your Best. By Khoi Nguyen — May contain affiliate links (Details)16 Comments. Sneaker trends in 2023 are nothing new — it’s just a renewal and resurgence of past styles — after all style and fashion is a cyclical beast. While trends in the menswear space seemingly come and go by the seasons, it’s no surprise that sneaker culture changes just as quickly. If you’ve followed Gentleman Within for a while now then you know that I like to preach timeless style and simplicity—leaning on the verge of minimalism. I’m not huge on what’s trending out there, but I do feel it’s important to stay abreast of what’s going on because there’s inspiration to be had by keeping an eye on the style & fashion trends of today. In this article I’m going to touch on trending sneakers for men in 2023, specifically the good, the bad, and yes the ugly. I personally like the Mr. Porter Sneaker Store and the Huckberry Sneaker Shop to stay up-to-date on the freshest kicks of today. For my recommendations, let’s dive in. So what are the trendy men’s shoes for that you’ll want to know about? That is the question we answer with this comprehensive article featuring 8 men’s sneaker trends that cover the gamut of what’s trending for men right now. Subscribe to the GW YouTube channel. These are the best men’s casual sneakers, aka the good sneaker trends that I’m fully endorsing for 2023 and beyond. In this article, we will feature plenty more sneaker styles that you can rock and then provide examples of what you should look to avoid. Let’s begin with minimalist men’s sneakers. Two words. Common Projects (in light brown, gray or my favorite, suede). The all-white trainer has been having a moment for a while now. The wildly popular shoes has given rise to a minimalist sneaker movement. An equally as clean yet premium sneaker (and more affordable) is the Koio Capri (Get 20% off w/ code GENTWITHIN20). The clean and classic minimalist sneaker trend is currently a fan favorite, versatile enough to dress up with high end tailoring or dress down with athleisure or casual jeans. This makes white sneakers a must have in all men’s wardrobes. The Greats Royale, classic Vans or Grand Crosscourt II are a quite popular, yet affordable options if you’re in the market for a pair. Another up and comer, established in 2018 is Cariuma, an eco-conscious, sustainable sneaker that’s stylish and on-trend brand for both men and women. Check out our list of white trainers below, from budget to more premium and grail worthy options. At this point, solid white leather sneakers are ubiquitous in the world of menswear — a smart casual staple that’s going to be around for a while. In addition to white, brown suede is another, classic and versatile option. The made in Italy, Koio Capri is currently one of my favorite minimalist sneakers to wear. They even have minimalist high-tops like the Primo Roccia in suede. Furthermore, you could opt for an all white or beige canvas pair of low-top sneakers also known as skate shoes for a bit more of a casual vibe. A drawback of white sneakers is that they get dirty easily, and I don’t recommend wearing them in rainy weather or grimy places. Whether you’re on a budget or have a bit more to spend, I’ll provide my minimalist white sneaker recommendations below as well as some suede sneaker options. A post shared by Khoi N. | Style for Men (@thegentwithin) on Jun 19, 2019 at 1:50pm PDT. The Ace Marks Duke Sneaker (seen above) is a high-quality, premium white sneaker with a middle-tier price tag that’s worth taking a look. You can check out my Ace Marks review of the Duke Sneaker and Troy Chelsea Boots. And finally one more recommendation if you’re all about sustainability is the recyclable Thousand Fell lace up sneaker. And if you want to keep your white shoes clean and supreme, check out the Reshoevn8r cleaning kit. It’s a life saver. You can never go wrong with the classics aka essential shoes for men. A majority of the shoe trends in this article will fall in and out of style over time, but it’s these classics that will continue to endure. Brands like Vans, Converse, Nike, and Adidas have been offering classic silhouettes for decades now. A black and white pair like the Converse One Star or Vans Old Skool are affordably priced classics, prime for everyday casual wear. Alternatively, a pair of casual lace up running sneakers pairs exceptionally well with sweatpants, light or dark blue jeans. Then there’s the tried and true, classic Adidas Stan Smith (you can read my in-depth Adidas Stan Smith Review here). And finally we’ve got a trending up and comer in OluKai, offering Hawaiian inspired casual sneakers. One of my favorite timeless silhouettes comes from Nike, specifically their Nike Internationalist Low that’s sleek and stylish, and designed in a myriad of colorways for extreme versatility. Another great pick is the ever popular, often sold out, Nike Killshot 2 with the gumsole. Related: You might like this hands-on guide featuring some of the Best No-Show Socks for men. Whatever the case, whether you’re rocking a pair of suede slip-ons or casual lace-up sneaks, you’re sure to keep things cool and comfortable. A post shared by Khoi N. | Style for Men (@thegentwithin) on Sep 13, 2018 at 5:44pm PDT. A post shared by Khoi N. | Style for Men (@thegentwithin) on Aug 8, 2018 at 4:21pm PDT. Check out the Nike Killshot 2 lookbook video where I styled 5 casual outfits for men that you can get inspiration from or copy yourself. In 2016, sneaker technology took a leap forward when Nike released the HyperAdapt 1.0 which are essentially self-lacing sneakers for a whopping $750. We’re talking Back to the Future type stuff. According to Nike, “The Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 is the first fully-functioning athletic shoe that electronically adjusts to the contours of your foot via adaptive lacing technology—providing a personal, customized fit that makes it feel like an extension of your body.”. It’s this kind of boundary pushing technology that makes this sneaker trend more than just a trend, but instead, a model that is going to shape the footwear industry in the years and decades moving forward. Before mentioning the tech runners, I do want to give a shoutout to the hiker, trail shoe that has the silhouette of a runner and the utility of a hiking boot. The TERREX Free Hiker 2 from Adidas is on point style wise and functional for those rugged expeditions, or simple hikes at your nearby mountain. Now…many tech runner silhouettes are dress casual appropriate, like these Brunello Cucinelli leather-trimmed, stretch-knit sneakers. And then here are your more trainer-ready athletic sneakers, courtesy of Huckberry. Koio also released their brand-new Retro Runner that’s more modern than you’d think. And Brandblack has a new style-forward runner worth taking a look at. Today’s performance tech runner up-and-comers include brands like On-Running which commands over 6.6% of the market share for performance shoes in the United States, and Brooks Running, which continues to steal market share from Nike and Adidas. And finally there’s the ever popular and fan favorite, Allbirds. They aren’t on sale often, but you can check current sales here. These are my picks that are currently on sale for the fall season:. A word on shoe stink — I highly recommend this premium shoe spray that really does an amazing job at freshening up and eliminating sneaker odor. In fact, the HyperAdapt’s successor the Nike Adapt BB (released in 2019) improves upon its predecessor while coming in at a lower price point of $350 and a much sleeker silhouette. Imagine lacing up your sneakers with an app. Well now you can. As of today brands are introducing cool sneakers with built-in waterproofing and ripstop fabrics. And these shoes aren’t just for runners or athletes either. They’re ideal sneakers to complement the ever popular athleisure style with their sleek silhouettes and knitted uppers. With brands like Nike and Adidas pushing men’s sneaker tech forward, technology enabled and enhanced sneakers are merely in its infancy. Take all of the popular sneaker trends above, then throw in a little suede and we have our next sneaker trend for 2023. We’re talking neutral, versatile ‘pops of color’ suede colorways. This season you can go for a light navy blue or light olive. They’re still neutral colors, but have more visual interest than a plain brown. If you want to go bolder, opt for a darker olive, though not quite forest green. Or you can take things to the next level with a burnt orange or ochre pair of casual sneakers. These are all more exciting to wear than plain black or brown suede, at the same time they’re subdued enough to be versatile, standout pieces. Additionally, suede adds texture and visual interest to simple yet stylish outfits. I actually prefer a little bit of suede on my sneakers, especially when it’s blended together with leather and a nice gumsole for example. Quick note: If you’re enjoying this article on the latest sneaker trends for men, then you’ll probably find my other writing on all things men’s style useful. Each week, I share style tips, inspiration, deals and other things not shared on the blog through my free email newsletter. To join now, just enter your email address below and click “Get Updates!”. Subscribe to the GW YouTube channel. We’ve talked about the good sneaker trends for 2023, but now it’s time for some of the bad. These aren’t the best shoes, although it’s not all that bad if we take a closer look. The following trending sneakers are considered the “cool shoes” for men for the past couple of years and only look to be gaining steam as we head into 2023 and beyond. It was only a matter of time before they reared their ugly heads back into the sneaker scene. They’ve been trending heavily all year among sneaker heads and fashion influencers and will only pick up steam in 2023. Although a shoe like this doesn’t have staying power and so it will probably fade away sooner than we think. The maximalist bulky or chunky sneakers also known as dad trainers or ugly sneakers are a direct response to the minimalist sneaker trend. Brands like Balenciaga and Gucci to Nike and New Balance are rocking this trend hard right now. They’re not pretty with the worst of them introducing crazy colors to elevate these brick-like silhouettes into obnoxiously loud territory. But with all the things wrong with this trend, there are a few bright spots. If you’re down to experiment with the bulky sole sneaker trend, then opt for a shoe with a sleek silhouette upper and a solid or neutral colors. It will help to tone down the chunky sole and ground the overall look. A great current example of the chunky sole, dad trainer trend is the new Everlane Court Sneaker. The shoe launched in late-April 2019 to much fanfare. It’s a chunky soled sneaker that is actually wearable for most men. I was lucky enough that they sent me an early pair before launch and so I’ve been wearing them for the better part of this year. You can check out the full review and comparison of Greats vs Everlane. Everlane also has a new sneaker called the Court that’s more minimal than the original Tread. Fashion is a cyclical beast that gives way to new trends on a seasonal basis. Before the wide leg trouser trend we had skinny jeans. And naturally, years of Vans and Common Projects have led us here. These are the so called fashionable men’s sneakers right now in late-2019. To each his own, but these are trends that I wouldn’t want to be caught dead in. I’d avoid these ugly, trending sneakers at all costs. These things are utterly hideous. Living up to their name, ugly sneakers combine a bulky soled shoe with unnecessary embellishments, Ed Hardy-esque paint splatters, hand sketched art, and bold logos which is a category unto itself. Do yourself a favor and avoid the ugly dad sneaker trend in 2023. Sure a tiny subset of fashion dudes (hypebeasters) are going to rock these unsightly horrors, but at least you won’t be looking back in 10 years thinking WTF was I wearing? Regular Gentleman Within readers know that I’m not a fan of logos obnoxiously plastered on products. Leave it to high fashion to shout their brand name to the rooftops with bold logos emblazoned across the front of their shoes. It’s a status thing I guess. To them these are the coolest men’s shoes ever. If you’re going to rock this trend, go with some New Balances or Veja, it’ll run you 10x less than a pair of Gucci, Prada or Givenchy sneakers and it’s a tried and true classic. Another excellent options that I’m diggin’ these days is from Rhude or Golden Goose with the ultra casual, skateboard inspired style sneakers. Finally to conclude this list of latest shoe trends for 2023, it’s time to throw in the kitchen sink. This trend takes a little bit of everything and blends it into a single, unified sneaker trend that can actually work. Take a sleek leather, mesh and suede upper in neutral colors and pair it with a slimmed down chunky sole and you’ve got a great looking shoe that stands out without screaming out. Take this Tom Ford Jago Neoprene, Mesh and Nylon Sneaker or Loro Piana’s 360 Flex Walk Sneaker for example. Quite the price tags, but look great, IMO. Here’s a more affordable take where Nike does it right too. Sometimes throwing a ton of crap at the wall and hoping that it sticks can work out after all. I’m personally a big fan of mixing and matching textures when it comes to putting stylish and visually interesting outfits together. It works just as well with trendy sneakers. Subscribe to the GW YouTube channel. There you have it, men’s sneaker trends 2023, the good, the bad and the ugly. I hope that this article helped to provide insight on what’s currently hot and what you can potentially experiment with moving forward into 2023 and beyond. Let’s continue the discussion over in the Gentlemen Within Private Facebook Community. Looking forward to seeing you in there. Filed Under: Review, Shoes, Style, Trends. Khoi left the advertising industry, transitioning into a full-time style blogger. He created Gentleman Within as a way to document his own style journey while helping others along the way. He believes that style is worth caring about, and that through style, men can become their best selves. Connect with him on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. Just an awesome collection. So many varieties and they are just lovable. Thank you for the data shared. Hey mate I stumbled upon your website today and I’m hooked. Started following you on Instagram and I’m commenting now to say keep up the great work! Hey Madhav, thanks for following along! Appreciate the support. Nice collection. Have you missed the dmodot sneaker. They have also amazing sneaker collection you have the visit it once. Cool, thanks for reading. Started following you on Instagram and I’m commenting now to say keep up the great work! Without a doubt, my sneaker represents both my personality and my interests. I don’t just slip on any old pair of shoes. I’m not sure what shoes I should wear or where I should go. I don’t think so, but I’ve learned a lot more about it recently. Thank you for taking the time to share your views. It’s advantageous. So many varieties and styles.Thank you for sharing! Great article. I really dislike the current trend of putting broad white fixing around the entire sneaker, including the toe. Think that’s going to dominate for a while?  Has it always been and I just never noticed? Thanks for stopping by. Do you mean the margom outsoles that can be found on many minimalist white trainers? –K. This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. Allbirds (Wool Runners) Twillory (Shirts & Pants) Ekster (Minimal Wallets) Huckberry (Best Brands) Black Lapel (MTM Suits) Everlane (Minimal Basics) Taft (Boots for Fall/Winter) Cariuma (Sustainable Shoes) Mott & Bow (Premium Denim) Tiege Hanley (Simple Skincare) Greats & Koio (Italian Sneakers) Amazon Aware (Conscious Clothing) Prime Wardrobe (Try Before You Buy) Ministry of Supply (Workleisure Wear) Beckett Simonon (MTO Shoes & Boots) Fresh Clean Threads (Affordable Tees). I left the advertising industry as a creative, transitioning into a full-time style blogger. Now I help successful guys dress better and live with more confidence. Read More…. © 2016-2023 Gentleman Within, LLC.· Home · Start Here · GW Shop · Blog · A Crash Course To Better Style · Lookbook · Manifesto · Live Deals · Support · Contact · Work With Me · Disclosure Policy.

We love walking the fairways in a stylish pair of golf shoes as much as anyone, but don’t let looks distract you from finding shoes that fit. We’re talking more than just the correct size. If you want to play your best, find shoes that favor your style of play. Do you overrotate during the swing? You may need a shoe with extra perimeter structure. Always walk? A flexible midsole is a must. “Players on tour know how important fit is,” says Lydia Ko, the top-ranked player in the Rolex world rankings. “Your feet are the only thing that’s connected to the ground. It’s such a critical piece of equipment golfers often overlook.”. According to a FootJoy study, 70 percent of golfers are wearing the wrong size shoe. One of those golfers turned out to be Justin Thomas. In testing FootJoy’s Premiere Series, he noticed looseness and instability in his right heel. FootJoy examined his sizing and discovered his right foot is smaller than his left, so Thomas now plays in a size 8.5 in the right foot and a 9 in the left. He says a bad fit “can lead to foot fatigue, discomfort and loss of power because you’re not using the ground effectively.” When searching for a new pair, prioritize fit and then style. Here are the best men's golf shoes of 2023. —Keely Levins. The midsole’s perimeter is firmer than the center to increase lateral support. Collin Morikawa asked Adidas to make this shoe so comfortable that he would forget he’s wearing it, and so clean-looking he wouldn’t notice it at address. The external heel counter provides structure to stabilize the rear of the foot, while a lightweight foam midsole (called Flytefoam) reduces weight and adds cushioning. It works with gel from the brand's running shoe heel pads to add comfort both during the swing and the walk. The running-shoe-look includes running technology like gel cushioning in the heel and lightweight foam midsole. But there's also golf-specific innovation, too, including the external heel counter for rear foot stability and a combination of cleats and angled traction elements for better ground control. The flexible grooves in the outsole are angled so your foot can move and rotate naturally through the swing. The outsole’s perimeter has larger lugs to provide a stable base. The gel under the heel ensures a more comfortable walk. Don't be fooled by the more casual look. This model includes the gel padding in the rearfoot, plus the lightweight foam midsole to absorb the stress at impact. This spikeless model also features an outsole that wraps up over the side of the foot for added lateral stability. Designed to maximize how the body implements ground reaction forces, the midsole's shaping, combined with the outsole's focus on the ball of the foot, helps to concentrate the player's weight more on the internal side of each foot with a sloped forefoot section. The toe box also adds a layer of water resistance. The nano molecular EVA foam uppers on these slip-on, faux saddle shoes is ultra-lightweight while conforming to the shape of your foot. The inner sole has massage nodes, while the dual-density midsole provides a resilient cushion. Rows of traction elements on the outsole combine with the low-profile design for better feel. Worry not about sacrificing stability with this spikeless shoe. Callaway’s new CounterLok Technology provides an extra solid base to eliminate worry of slipping at contact or on the follow-through. This sneaker-inspired golf shoe features waterproof leather uppers and zonal rubber traction in lieu of spikes. The design is meant to provide comfort on the course and in more casual settings. The ØriginalGrand Saddle golf shoe is the perfect combination of comfort and performance. This traditionally styled shoe is constructed of moisture-wicking textiles and waterproof leather uppers, keeping your feet cool during the hottest of rounds. It also features a lightweight EVA midsole and a memory-foam heel for added comfort. New for 2023, the shoe of choice for Jon Rahm boasts an “air-mesh” lining for breathability and moisture management. Removable Softspikes Pivix cleats feature flexible legs that provide traction and stability. This modern-looking shoe is constructed out of fine Italian leather and has a memory-foam insert to provide the utmost comfort. This shoe has 100 TPU traction bars, along with a three-zoned midsole to provide optimal comfort and support. The removable insoles are washable and promote long-term cushioning. These shoes also feature the BOA Fit system, which ensures a snug closure every time. Made in the USA, the Glory golf shoe is constructed from Italian leather, features a unique ventilation system located on the sides of the upper and a water-resistant Vibram sole. When you purchase these shoes, 10-percent of your purchase goes to 13GolfClubs, a non-profit that provides underserved youth with new golf equipment and lessons. Worn by many pros such as Justin Thomas, Jessica Korda and Max Homa, this classically designed shoe has an anti-channeling traction pattern that provides tour-proven grip. The full grain leather upper gives it a refined-yet-modern look that’ll enhance any on-course ensemble. Launched earlier this year, the FJ Fuel Sport is a sneaker-like golf shoe with an energetic look and feel. The brand’s lightweight StratoLite Foam provides cushioning and energy return, the stability bridge keeps the foot grounded, and the upper is made from a breathable waterproof mesh. This shoe is designed for power-hitters in mind. The stabilization system includes a molded heel counter, lateral clip to prevent excess rollover after impact and a durable-yet-comfortable foam in the heel to add cushioning and support. In total, the cleats provide 159 points of traction for more ground connection and stability. While most classically styled golf shoes feature spiked outsoles, FootJoy flipped the switch with the Traditions Spikeless golf shoes. With a versatile-yet-supportive outsole, the waterproof leather shoe allows you to bring the saddle look off the course with ease. Great for those looking for bold shoes to wear on and off the course, these cross trainers have a hybrid traction pattern that will hold up during dry rounds and won’t wear down from everyday use. The upper is made with a one-piece ripstop—which is a combination of materials woven to be more durable and tear-resistant than typical fabrics. It's typically recognized by its square pattern, adding to the stylish and modern design of these versatile kicks. These leather low-profile golf shoes are versatile and easy to dress up or down. The Nubuck leather upper is waterproof, the foam footbed features raised nubs that provide a massage-like feel on each step, and the cleated sole is strategically designed for comfort and traction. You don’t have to sacrifice style for comfort with these spikeless shoes. Wearable on or off the course, these kicks are built with waterproof-infused leathers and molded foam for extra dryness and extra comfort. You don’t have to sacrifice style for comfort with these spikeless shoes. Wearable on or off the course, these kicks are built with waterproof-infused leathers and molded foam for extra dryness and extra comfort. This breathable upper may not look waterproof, but it is. Equipped with Johnston & Murphy’s Smart Degree Technology and a triple-density footbed with memory foam, this shoe both practical and comfortable. A more traditional-looking golf shoe, this model combines waterproof construction with performance mesh lining and a specially-designed stability chassis-inspired system for support. The Smart Degree Technology helps provide temperature control and a triple-density footbed with memory foam offers all-around comfort. These soft spikes are removable to make this shoe even longer-lasting. Lace these up for the brand's midsole and heel crash pad engineered to help absorb impact through a combination of cushioning and compression resistance. Pressurized air in a sturdy pocket enhances comfort, and the plate and foam underneath it provide structure and energy return. You’ll be able to use the ground effectively and have a comfortable walk. The fitted heel counter hugs the back of the foot to keep it in place, provide support and has a seamless construction that guarantees a blister-free wear. With 10 points of contact with the ground, this spiked shoe provides high-quality traction in any weather condition. Made with a lightweight microfiber material on the upper of the shoe, the 006RS balances support and flexibility to provide a secure-yet-breathable feel. The brand's propriety propulsion plate woks to harness ground reaction forces for more power from the ground up. A spikeless shoe known for its microfiber that leads to lightweight support. The snug and supportive fit helps keep away blisters and results in extra energy. The company's new outsole pattern doubled the points of traction than its previous Ignite models. Each lug protrudes further out and is less round than in past years, allowing the lugs to dig deeper into the turf during the swing. Almost everyone wants a cushy, lightweight shoe. Puma’s foam midsole helps deliver on both, while the multi-material outsole combines with an abrasion-resistant thermoplastic urethane perimeter to provide stability. Golf shoes that look like sneakers are cool—as long as you don’t slip during the swing. Here, the outsole uses recessed spikeless traction elements to keep you grounded. The full-grain leather upper maintains a softness golfers can appreciate. A shoe with a clean aesthetic: The dual-density insole provides two layers of cushioning to deliver the comfort—along with the durability—discerning golfers demand of their shoes. The traction lugs, meanwhile, help keep you steady throughout the swing. This upscale design brings more than just looks. It's known for its molded heel, which leads to better counter support. A stable water-resistant shoe, it can handle all sorts of weather conditions and has a flexible outsole that'll keep feet feeling fresh post-round. A shoe built with fine Italian leather in a traditional wingtip style. A padded tongue, contoured footbed and ultra-soft linings provide greater comfort. A slip-in shoe made with podiatrist-certified arch support and responsive cushioning. Available in multiple colorways and an extra wide width. The Go Golf Elite 5 GF has a waterproof membrane protection with a two-year warranty and arch-supporting insole to protect your feet—along with a synthetic leather upper. The tournament shoe worn by U.S. Open winner Matt Fitzpatrick. The Go Golf Pro 5 Hyper features Hyber Burst technology, leading to highly responsive, ultra-lightweight and long-lasting cushioning. Expect top comfort and a longer lifespan thanks to replaceable cleats. A sneaker-style shoe made from recycled leather with a matter pebble finish. The leather is scratch resistant, odor free, flexible and easy to clean, while being environmentally friendly. This shoe offers the traction and water-resistance you’d expect, with the comfort of a sneaker. The “Ortholite” sockliner delivers breathability while the full-knit upper provides necessary support. The ripstop upper is not only breathable but reinforced to produce stability during the swing, and Under Armour’s signature rotational resistance traction is a lightweight method of providing grip. Additional reporting and editing by Daria Delfino, Jared Goldstein, Greg Gottfried, E. Michael Johnson, Maddi MacClurg, Lauren Occhipinti, Derek Reid, Brittany Romano and Mike Stachura. USE OF AND/OR REGISTRATION ON ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF OUR VISITOR AGREEMENT (UPDATED 1/6/23), PRIVACY AND COOKIES NOTICE (UPDATED 1/4/23) AND CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE. GOLF DIGEST MAY EARN A PORTION OF SALES FROM PRODUCTS THAT ARE PURCHASED THROUGH OUR SITE AS PART OF OUR AFFILIATE PARTNERSHIPS WITH RETAILERS. THE MATERIAL ON THIS SITE MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED, DISTRIBUTED, TRANSMITTED, CACHED OR OTHERWISE USED, EXCEPT WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF DISCOVERY GOLF, INC. © 2023  DISCOVERY GOLF, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

Mark Twain famously said that golf is just a good walk spoiled. That’s probably because he didn’t have the proper shoe! Golf shoes come in all shapes and styles nowadays. From Michael Jordan’s legendary basketball silhouettes to FootJoy’s iconic Premiere series and everything in between, there is most certainly a perfect shoe for you in 2023. Golfweek has compiled a list of some of the best and most fashion-forward shoes to help elevate your game both literally and visually. Whether you prefer spiked cleats over molded or sneaker style over a classic look, we have you covered. If you’re set on shoes but are in the market for a perfect golf gift, check out the Golfweek Wine Club. Get exclusive access to rare, limited-availability wines that are hand-picked by top sommeliers, then shipped directly to your doorstep. Adidas Tour360 22 (Adidas). Why we love it: This Adidas pair are a true hybrid when it comes to shoes. A classic cap toe look with a modern sneaker midsole features a pop of color and the unmistakable Adidas stripes. The Adidas Tour360 also has a great balance of cleats and molds to give you maximum stability throughout your swing. Honorable Mention: Codechaos BOA Spikeless Shoes. Callaway – Coronado V2 Men’s Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Price: $109.98 (Down from $139.99, save 21%). Why we love it: Callaway’s premier shoe offering is a great cleated option. Coming in four different colorways, the Coronado V2 is always a good fit, no matter your choice of attire. Honorable Mention: Solana TRX v2. Churchill Cognac Golf Shoe (Duca Del Cosma). Why we love it: The Churchill is as classy as the man it’s named after. If dressing to impress is the name of your game, check out this shoe from Duca Del Cosma. Honorable Mention: Elpaso Black Golf Shoe. Ecco – BIOM C4 Men’s Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Why we love it: Ecco is among the brands that bring comfort to the forefront of what they do. Shaped similarly to a running shoe, these BIOM C4 shoes are a great option for walkers. Honorable Mention: BIOM H4 Men’s Golf Shoe. FootJoy Premiere Packard golf shoes (FootJoy). Why we love it: One of the most beloved shoes on the PGA Tour, the FJ Packard is an absolute classic. To be honest, you can’t really go wrong with any pair of FJ’s. Honorable Mention: FJ Traditions. Grosgrain Gallivanter Golf Shoe (G/FORE). Why we love it: The Grosgrain Gallivanter is built upon the classic silhouettes from which golf shoes were molded since their inception. Adding a fashionable and modern twist, these G/FORE shoes will bring style to your game. Honorable Mention: Contrast Sole MG4+. Fresh Foam Contend (New Balance). Why we love it: Comfort is king when it comes to New Balance. These fantastic sneaker cleats are great for walkers and cart riders alike. Honorable Mention: 574 Greens. Nike – Air Jordan Retro 12 Low Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Why we love it: Jordan’s have always been a cult classic, but now they’ve made it to the golf realm. These retro 12’s are simply ELECTRIC. Honorable Mention: Infinity G Men’s Golf Shoe. Pride Art Work Matryx Golf Shoe (NOBULL). Why we love it: The brand known for making fashionable gym shoes comes to the table with a cool golf option. A practically all-white shoe, the midsole is blasted with color in a paint drip fashion, making it a perfect match for all of your paint-splatter polos that are all the rage right now. Honorable Mention: Black Matryx Golf Shoe. Puma – Limited Edition IGNITE Articulate Palmer Camo Men’s Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Why we love it: Puma’s IGNITE line is already a fantastic cleat option. An incredible umbrella pattern on the sole and on the sides makes this shoe a must have if you’re a fan of Mr. Palmer. Honorable Mention: Limited Edition IGNITE Articulate Love H8 Men’s Golf Shoe. Skechers – GO GOLF Elite 5 Range Men’s Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Why we love it: Skechers has proven they are no longer just for dads. The 2022 U.S. Open champ rocked these shoes with a pair of joggers (gasp) at a tournament recently, proving the brand has modernized. Honorable Mention: Torque 2 Golf Shoe Golf Shoes. The Ringer golf shoe (Travis Mathew). Why we love it: Clean and simple, the Ringer shoe is an instant classic. If you’re looking for a shoe you can rock with practically any outfit, this is for you. Honorable Mention: The Moneymaker. True All Day Knit II (True Linkswear). Why we love it: True Linkswear was a big winner at the PGA Show and for good reason. The Tacoma based company is quietly making some of the best shoes in golf. Honorable Mention: True OG Sport. Under Armour – UA HOVR Tour SL Men’s Golf Shoe (PGA TOUR Superstore). Why we love it: Big fan of Jordan Spieth or any other UA staffers? These shoes are worn by any and all UA staffers on both the LPGA and PGA Tour. Honorable Mention: UA HOVR Fade 2 SL Wide Men’s Golf Shoe. We occasionally recommend interesting products, services, and gaming opportunities. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. Golfweek operates independently, though, and this doesn’t influence our coverage. Davis recorded a bogey on the hole, but could actually wind up with a nine, if two penalty strokes are applied to each infraction. Check out some of the best spring deals at PGA TOUR Superstore to start golf season off right. Kaitlyn Schroeder started re-watching “The Last Dance” in recent months because she finds inspiration in Michael Jordan’s extreme (...). © Copyright Golfweek 2023. Powered by WordPress.com VIP.

Updated in January 2023 to add the Ecco Biom G5 and ensure accuracy. Golf shoes are a lot like golf grips: Until you’ve gotten new ones, you never realize how badly you needed them. Too often, shoes become an afterthought. Aching feet at the end of a round doesn’t have to be the price you pay to play golf. Water seeping in and soaking your socks shouldn’t be the cost of being a dew sweeper. Nailing your golf shoe selection might just be the single biggest thing you can do to improve your enjoyment of the game. The good shots will only feel better. And when the bad shots come? Hey, at least the dogs aren’t barking. When Mark Twain said, “Golf is a good walk spoiled,” he must have been wearing worn-out shoes. Because with the right choice of golf shoe, your enjoyment of the game can increase exponentially. The problem is knowing what to buy. How do you know what’s right for you? With this post, we’re going to break down what you should look for in a golf shoe, and we’re going to give you our top picks for the eight categories that we think are most likely to address most golfers’ needs. After reading this, you’ll be armed with the knowledge you need to make an informed buying decision. The main criteria to apply when shopping for golf shoes is almost identical to that of any other shoe-buying experience. Basically, it comes down to:. You want a shoe that you can afford, that’s going to allow you to comfortably walk potentially hundreds of rounds without breaking down and that’s going to give you the look you want. On top of that, you need a shoe that’s going to provide great traction in varying conditions and, ideally. keep your feet dry. If you can find a shoe that does each of these things well – and you can – you’re going to be able to forget about your feet. They’ll be set. A couple other factors to consider:. Spikeless or hybrid golf shoes are becoming more and more popular. And traction-wise, they’re getting better and better. Generally, the big advantages of spikeless shoes are look and comfort. You can find some very stylish, casual golf shoes that don’t look too much different from what you might otherwise wear out to dinner. And they’re pretty much just as comfortable as whatever other non-golf street shoes you have in your closet. Spiked shoes, on the other hand, are still the best for ultimate traction, especially on wet or hilly courses. You’ll want to be sure you understand what you’re getting waterproof-wise. Many spikeless or street golf shoes won’t be designed to provide the same waterproofing you’re more likely to find with spiked shoes. For many golfers, the decision comes down to comfort and style vs. traction and stability. You can find spiked shoes that look good and are comfortable, but there are more options available for those factors with spikeless models. And you can certainly find spikeless shoes that have very good traction and stability and are waterproof, but the ultimate in those categories is typically best found with spikes. Everyone’s got their own budget. I get and respect that. But if at all possible, I’d encourage you to reach just a little bit with your spending on the best golf shoes. Seriously, if you consider how many miles you’ll potentially walk with a single pair of golf shoes, it really is worth it to step up to the highest level that you can afford. A quality shoe might last you three or more seasons. So the difference between say a $100 pair of shoes and a $150 pair of shoes becomes relatively negligible spread over a few years. I’m not saying you should make an irresponsible decision and spend money you don’t have, but if you can step it up just a bit, especially if you’re following this guide, I can almost guarantee you’ll be happy that you did. That said, the best shoe for you may be one that’s less expensive. For instance, some of the ones you’ll see here are excellent and under $100. So, what are the best golf shoes of 2023? Well, we’re going to see a lot of new ones hit the market in the coming months as manufacturers roll out their latest offerings. But where we sit right now at the beginning of the year? These are the best golf shoes out there. This is one of the latest golf shoes from Ecco, and quite simply it’s the best golf shoe I’ve ever owned. Between 2 rounds in Punta Mita, and 3 rounds at Bandon Dunes – my feet have never felt happier after a round of golf. Update: 9 months later, this continues to be true. I love this golf shoe. They’re well-cushioned and provide even more stability when compared to the Biom H4. The GORE-TEX Yak leather upper is incredibly soft and totally waterproof. If you’re going to buy one pair of golf shoes, and you want the best, these are the ones. Quite simply, this is the best pair of golf shoes I've ever tested or owned. They look great, are incredibly comfortable, and is one of my most recommended products of the year. It’s no secret I think Ecco makes some of, if not the best golf shoes on the market. That said, they’re expensive, so they won’t be for everyone. Recently I tested out the Ecco Biom G5. It’s the first spiked model of Eccos I’ve worn, and honestly? They’re just as good as I thought they’d be. After breaking them in over a couple of rounds, they’re nearly as comfortable the Biom C4, but with the traction and stability that comes with a Tour shoe. Throw in the waterproof Goretex material, and you have a world-class shoe ready for any conditions you want to throw at it. This feels like a best-of-both-worlds shoe, as you get the comfort of the Ecco C4, with the stability of a traditional golf shoe. It's not cheap, but this is shoe lives up to it's premium price tag. These things are a straight-up steal for around $80 at a number of retailers. This is a great shoe for the price. There’s a reason the Roshe’s are such a beloved shoe, and the golf version of them is no different. The Roshe G’s are extremely comfortable – surprisingly so for the price. The drawbacks are that the shoe doesn’t offer the greatest stability. You may notice your foot sliding around a little. Also, it may be too informal of a look for some. If you’re looking for a casual, comfortable shoe that’s less than half the price of the Ecco’s, this is a highly recommended option. The Nike Roshe G is a good looking, super comfortable golf shoe with better traction than you'd expect. For under $100, this is one shoe every golfer should consider. This is the perfect shoe for those seeking performance, traction, and a more traditional look without feeling dated. FootJoy has updated its aesthetic to strike a really nice balance between classic and sporty. But the star of the show here is the stability. The tapered ankle locks you in and provides awesome lateral support. With so many golfers choosing to go with spikeless shoes, when you put these on you’re reminded why so many pros still play with Tour shoes. No issues whatsoever with waterproofing. You’ll keep your feet dry for the lifespan of this shoe. It really is tough to go wrong with FootJoy (with the exception of the Fury, honestly, we didn’t love em). Like the Ecco’s these are a bit pricey for some people at $200. But you most certainly are going to have a durable, high-performing golf shoe that’s going to likely last as long or longer than anything else you might buy. There are very few golf shoes that are as clean and classic looking at the FootJoy DryJoy Premiers. Throw in the fact they're still super comfortable and stable? And they get the pick for our favorite FootJoy golf shoes. This is the first pair of golf shoes I’ve owned that I’d actually feel completely comfortable wearing in a non-golf setting. They are the epitome of style for a golf shoe. And for as good as these shoes look, they perform remarkably well. I would personally like a little more room in the toe box, but that’s a relatively minor quibble. The TRUE brand is pure style. Check out the packaging, including a reusable bag:. This isn’t a do-anything golf shoe. They’re not waterproof and traction is an occasional issue. If you’re only going to own one pair of golf shoes and you play a lot, you probably should look for a more dedicated golf shoe. But for a second shoe – and one that you can wear anywhere – this is the perfect option. The TRUE Linkswear Knit II is one of our favorite shoes. It looks fantastic, is super comfortable, and is one of the best summer golf shoes on the market.  Use code "BREAKING15" to save 15%! Once again, Ecco nails it. Exactly the same as with the men’s version, you can expect these shoes to be as comfortable as it gets. They perform well and look good. Ecco right now is in poll position for ticking all of the critical boxes: Price, comfort, durability, style and performance. Just like it's mens counterpart, we think the Ecco Biom Hybrid H4 is the best all-around golf shoe for women on currently on the market. I took these babies on a trip to Reynolds Lake Oconee in November to put them through their paces. Honestly? I was a little nervous about 6 rounds in untested kicks. Fortunately? They performed wonderfully. They were comfortable, stable, and despite the mesh upper – they’re actually waterproof! These make an excellent hybrid shoe that works on or off the course, and while it wouldn’t be my go-to choice for a rainy day, these will do just fine on a morning, dew-covered round. I'm loving the Lux Sport right now. It's incredibly comfortable and despite the mesh uppers, is actually waterproof. A fantastic shoe.  Use code "BREAKING15" to save 15%! The Footjoy Flex Golf Shoes. Part sneaker, part golf shoe, fully versatile. The FootJoy Flex is a solid hybrid golf shoe for under $100. FootJoy, of course, has a great reputation for quality and durability. So even their more budget shoes deliver. The sole and traction of the shoe is similar to the Ecco Biom Hybrid series, only not as hard or durable. These shoes are incredibly lightweight, but they do sacrifice a bit of support as a tradeoff. If you’re looking for an incredibly comfortable, lightweight shoe that will perform great on the golf course 95% of the time and give you the flexibility to wear it off the course as well, this is a solid option. Check out our full review of the FootJoy Flex. The Footjoy Flex far exceeded our expectations when we reviewed it. Comfortable, affordable, and easy to wear off the course if you hate changing shoes while traveling to and from the course. I realize this is the 3rd pair of TRUE Linkswear shoes we have on the list, but honestly, I continue to be impressed. Each of their different spikeless shoes serves a different purpose, and the OG Feel is perhaps the most specific. This is essentially a golf version of the Nike Free. It’s meant to provide the experience of walking the course barefoot, and it does an excellent job of that. And the best part? They look great doing it. Want your round of golf to feel like you're truly playing barefoot? Look no further the TRUE OG Feel is the shoe for you.  Use code "BREAKING15" to save 15%! The Payntr X 003 may be my biggest surprise of the past year. I didn’t expect a ton out of these shoes, but honestly?  I was blown away. Not only are they packed with technology and development chops, but they look good, feel great, and best of all? They come in at only $140. Sure that’s still a lot of money to spend on shoes. But compared to many competitors that are $50 or even close to $100 more than them? It represents a heck of a value for a golf shoe, especially one that’s getting as much buzz as these are. Some of the most comfortable shoes we've ever worn, and they look good to boot. This is one startup footwear brand that's doing things right. Squairz Speed Golf Shoes. The marketing may be a little over the top, but if you can move past some fairly outlandish distance claims, the Sqairz Speed golf shoe really does offer a lot. It’s a solid Tour-level shoe, that’s among the most stable golf shoes we’ve ever tried. So if stability is the number one thing you look for in a shoe? Look no further than a pair of Sqairz. The Squairz Speed golf shoes are among the most stable golf shoes we've ever tried. If traction and stability is your most important factor in a shoe, look no further. We’ve got a concise but solid list of contenders here that should address the needs of most golfers. Sure, there are other great golf shoes, but we feel these are the standouts. It all comes down to what you need or value most in a golf shoe. Consider price, comfort, durability, style and performance, and you should come out with golf shoes that last you multiple seasons. This page contains affiliate links. This means that if you click a link and buy one of the products on this page, we may receive a commission (at no extra cost to you!) This doesn’t affect our opinions or our reviews. Everything we do is to benefit you as the reader, so all of our reviews are as honest and unbiased as possible. Sean Ogle helps people build businesses they can run from anywhere in the world. Oh, and while he's traveling around doing that, he also golfs as much as humanly possible in his quest to break eighty for the first time ever. I have always worn ECCO golf shoes because of the fit – narrow feet a little over size 12. The ECCO shoes in EU size 46 was perfect. However I recently purchased a pair of SQAIRZ golf shoes (sz 12) and have now found my number #1 golf shoe. Hopefully they have the same longevity as the ECCO’s. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.

Kick off the golf season with InsideGOLF: $100 value for just $20! best women's golf shoes. As the LPGA draws more and more attention, it is no surprise that the amount of women golfers are increasing. With the investment into golf tech on all products, the development of women’s golf shoes has rapidly evolved. Women’s feet aren’t just smaller than men’s (on average) but tend to be shaped differently — wider and narrower at different locations — which requires a specialized women’s golf shoes to contour to their unique pronation. Foot support specific to women’s stepping, walking, and pressure patterns is paramount to their golf swing. If you’re looking to shoot straight from the first tee to the last putt, you’ll need the proper support from the ground up. Thankfully, these top golf shoes for women are here to deliver. All of our market picks are independently selected and curated by the editorial team.
  If you buy a linked product,
  GOLF.COM may earn a fee. Pricing may vary. As stylish as it is comfortable, this Gallivanter golf shoe combines an athletic fit with bespoke cleats designed for optimal traction and stability on the course. The Cap Toe shoe boasts an ultra-lightweight sole, premium waterproof leather, and comfort tech designed to give you excellent breathability and airflow while massaging your feet with every step. For the insole, you’ll find a washable, antimicrobial, leather-padded, triple-density foam cushion for all-day comfort. These shoes are designed to walk you through every lie, every swing, and every hole with comfort and reliability, making the Cap Toe Gallavanter our top choice for women’s golf shoes. This 100% waterproof shoe is engineered with the perfect outsole for on-course performance. So no matter the lie or angle, you’ll have the grip you need for every swing. Plus, with a unique, heel-mounted BOA system, you’ll get a customized fit that offers precision, stability, and power with every wear. Equipped with the Fast Twist 3.0 removable cleat system, these shoes offer a locking post for consistent torque, giving you the balanced performance you need to hit that next hole-in-one. These spiked golf shoes are an excellent option for golfers of all levels — from first-time players to pro golfers and everything in between. These spikeless Adidas golf shoes were designed with the future in mind. The waterproof upper contains at least 50% recycled material to reduce plastic waste and promote a greener and healthier planet. While these shoes may be designed for on-course performance, they’re made to be worn all day. The Bounce midsole provides lightweight cushioning, while the spikeless V-Traxion lugs offer a solid grip whether you’re prepping your next swing, walking the course, or heading for the store after your round. These shoes offer long-lasting comfort, stability, and peace of mind no matter where the course takes you. These Women’s Tech Response golf shoes offer the responsive fit and feel of a running shoe with the dependable grip and stability of golf spikes. The six-cleat design keeps you stable through every lie, while the cloudfoam midsole and die-cut EVA sock liner gives you the comfort you need through every round. Complete with excellent breathability and a lightweight design, you can focus on the game and trust that these shoes will keep you grounded. These shoes are an excellent choice for newbie or budget-minded golfers, offering reliability and control without the hefty price tag. These Italian-designed, handcrafted leather golf shoes give you the best of both worlds with style and performance. The leather-topped memory foam insole provides comfort and support, designed to mold your foot’s unique shape with wear. The lightweight rubber outsoles are designed for flexibility through every lie and feature star-shaped nubs for optimal traction on and off the course. With their unique traction and water-resistant design, you’ll enjoy all-day comfort and support whether you’re facing the morning dew, walking the course, or heading to lunch to celebrate a big win. These versatile golf shoes will carry you through whatever the day brings in comfort and style. The Nike Ace Summerlite is completely designed based on female foot morphology. These shoes offer a high arch, a more shallow toe box, a tapered heel, and an outsole that narrows through the arch for maximum support. The tongue and collar are lined with suede for extra comfort, and the mesh upper offers a thin, flexible outer layer to keep out dirt and debris. Complete with a plush comfort midsole, these shoes are comfortable and breathable enough to wear without socks. When it comes to performance, the integrated traction pattern keeps these shoes as lightweight as possible without sacrificing an ounce of grip. These shoes are well worth the purchase for a comfortable, ergonomic design that’ll support you when and where you need it most. The MG4+ women’s golf shoes offer one of the best combinations of lightweight comfort and technical performance. They come equipped with a washable, triple density foam insole and auxetic lattice midsole for maximum energy return from every step. Plus, the 3D molded external heel cup provides lateral support, keeping your foot locked in through any lie. The premium waterproof upper offers 360-degree stability, while the G/Fore footbed nubs increase airflow and massage your feet with every step. When it comes to performance, the two-piece non-slip outsole offers hybrid knurled and sawtooth traction, keeping you sure-footed and ready to play. You’ll get some of the best women’s golf shoes offering increased stability, performance, and comfort from start to finish. These Skechers GO GOLF Arch Fit shoes offer podiatrist-certified arch support. The patented Arch Fit insole system was developed by podiatrists using 20 years of data and over 120,000 foot scans to give you the personalized support you need for a long day on the course. The removable insole is designed to mold to your foot, help reduce shock, and promote proper weight distribution through every step. Plus, with a water-repellent mesh upper and Goodyear Performance Outsole for enhanced traction and durability, these spikeless golf shoes give you support and reliability whether you’re walking the course, hitting your next hole-in-one, or heading home after a long day in the sun. Choosing the right golf shoe is imperative for your success on the course. Whether you’re looking for extra arch support, optimal all-day comfort, increased traction, or stability, these top women’s golf shoes offer a range of options to fit your needs. Of course, the best golf shoe is the one that increases performance without sacrificing comfort, and we think these top women’s golf shoes have you covered. Unfortunately, there’s no one-size-fits-all when it comes to golf shoes. However, some shoes do fit a variety of needs better than others. For a well-rounded golf shoe you can count on for stability, traction, grip, and comfort, our staff favorite is the G/Fore Women’s Cap Toe Gallivanter Golf Shoe. The best women’s golf shoe is the one that fits your needs best. However, for a well-rounded golf shoe with all-day comfort and material made to keep you dry, we recommend the G/Fore Women’s Cap Toe Gallivanter Golf Shoe. If you’re new to the golf course and just starting out, we’d recommend spending between $80 and $100 on a quality pair of golf shoes. However, if you’re a regular golfer looking for extra comfort and grip, we’d recommend a higher-end option, usually starting at around $250. GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF.

Now more than ever, companies are designing golf shoes for the specific needs of female golfers of all levels—not just shrinking the men's version and making it pink. Women no longer have to choose between a golf shoe that fits their game or one that fits their look. Following the increase in demand for stylish women's golf shoes that are packed with performance technology, footwear companies are stepping up to fill the void women have been struggling with for years. Here are the best women's golf shoes of 2023. The midsole’s perimeter is firmer than the center to increase lateral support. It's made from a combination of the two most recent Adidas running shoe midsoles, which combine responsiveness for the action of the swing with cushioning for the comfort of the walk. Bonus: The upper is made from at least 50 percent recycled content. Traction elements are segmented on the spikeless outsole to provide the optimal mix of support and mobility. The outsole also wraps up over the side of the foot to enhance lateral stability. Cushioning comes from gel in the rearfoot and a lightweight foam in the midsole. The lightweight Flytefoam midsole provides responsive cushioning to stabilize the foot during the swing and provide resilient comfort while walking. Gel in the rearfoot keys control mid-swing, while the outsole wraps over the outside of the foot for extra lateral stability. Offered in six colors. These shoes take a more active role in the idea of stability during the swing. With midsoles designed with a sloped section to concentrate the player's weight more on the internal side of each foot, the goal here is to reduce the swaying side-to-side in your swing that saps potential power. Even better: It offers that support in a relatively lightweight 11-ounce size. Unlike any other slip-on shoe, the EVA foam construction allows the shoe to more closely conform to the shape of your foot. It's also anti-microbial and features vent holes neatly hidden within the Oxford design for maximum breathability. The inner sole has massage nodes, while the dual-density midsole provides a resilient cushion, all in a super-ultralight package. The look might be more akin to your favorite pair of Keds or Stan Smiths, but the Biion Women's The Trainer still incorporates the lighter weight of an EVA material construction that conforms to the shape of your foot. Rows of vent holes on the faux tongue improve breathability. The upper is also made with anti-microbial composites, an especially useful aspect given these shoes are best worn sockless. These also are easily washed with soap and water and dry in seconds. These boots incorporate the same EVA material but slip above the ankle and eliminate the vent holes to make them waterproof for rainy and wet conditions. The extra large traction elements help better navigate slippery turf, and the responsive midsole provides cushion and support during your swing and stride. Keep your feet dry without losing feel for the ground with Callaway’s forged midsole designed for a natural ground feel and a waterproof mesh, microfiber and leather upper with a two-year limited warranty. The all-new Zerøgrand Fairway are Cole Haan’s first golf style shoe designed just for her. These spikeless shoes feature an ultra-lightweight footbed and a rubber outsole with zonal traction. Constructed from soft Italian Nappa leather, these shoes feel just as good as they look. A recycled cork insole supports the foot for long-lasting comfort. This sporty shoe is made of waterproof performance leather and a mesh stretchy sock. The perforation allows for ample airflow with 360 degrees of breathability. The outsole has three different sections for traction, stability and rotational support. This premium leather shoe is breathable, waterproof and has a three-zoned insole to maximize comfort. The sole unit is linked to the laces for enhanced stability. There are also 100 TPU traction bars in the outsole to promote better grip. This simple-yet-classic shoe has water-repellant leathers and multi-directional traction to promote better grip. This athletic golf shoe is designed with walking rounds in mind. Foam lines the underfoot to absorb shock and return energy, ankle padding keeps the heel in place, and a thermoplastic saddle provides a balanced amount of stability in the swing—without sacrificing flexibility for walking comfort. FootJoy’s proprietary foam cushioning technology maximizes underfoot comfort—without adding weight to the shoe. Spikeless traction on a waterproofed outsole is designed to perform in any conditions. The silhouette of this shoe is designed with a slightly wider and more square shape in the forefoot to enhance comfort and reduce foot fatigue. It’s a lightweight and waterproof leather shoe with a simple and easy-to-match-with design. These bold kicks are designed for on- and off-course use. The rubber outsole features a sawtooth traction pattern to enhance grip, with a molded heel cup and sculpted sidewalls for extra stability.The square pattern on the upper is what gives it the 'ripstop' name. Ripstop is a combination of materials woven to reinforce the fabric for added durability. Made with a premium looking and feeling waterproof leather, this G/FORE shoe is a modernized version of the traditional leather golf shoe style. Perforated details across the shoe and sky blue hits on the spiked outsole add style, while thick foam cushioning at the footbed and padded mesh interior lining add breathable comfort. These hybrid golf shoes have the style, comfort and traction pattern that can be worn on or off the course—without looking too golf-y. It's made with a lightweight, molded foam footbed for a cushioned feel on each step. Johnston & Murphy’s Smart Degree Technology and waterproof construction allows for temperature-controlled comfort and sustained dryness during and after your round. The rubber outsole on this shoe moves with your foot’s natural motion. Plus, the 10mm soft midsole and the cushy insole provide you with increased comfort throughout your round. The breathable performance mesh upper features supportive synthetic overlays to keep the foot comfortable and prevent excessive movement during the golf swing. The midsole has a thick (10 mm) cushioning that will reduce foot fatigue and provide a noticeable amount of energy return in each step. Worn by one of Nike’s most recently added ambassadors, Nelly Korda, the Air Jordan 1 Low G golf shoe is a low profile and stylish golf shoe that’ll add style to any look. Air cushioning at the underfoot provides a comfort and energy-return on every step, while the traction pattern will secure the feet during the swing and prevent slippage. At an affordable price, the Payntr design team didn't skimp on creating its first women's golf shoe. The 003 F has similar technology to the men's version—lightweight, water-resistant microfiber upper, propulsion plate that harnesses ground reaction forces, cushioned footbed—but was designed specifically for the frame of a women's foot. This women’s-specific design employs a proprietary foam in the midsole to boost cushioning, and the mesh upper is fused with a thermoplastic urethane film underneath to deliver support. This stylish shoe utilizes a knit upper that is breathable and lightweight. It's made with a stretchy material that will support the foot during the golf swing and provide flexibility when you need it. The EVA foam is blended with a responsive rubber material to provide extra comfort and energy return. A fun name for a shoe that is only bested by its luxurious Italian leather with stylish hair-on printed detail. The TPR flexible outsole allows for a lightweight shoe that maximizes comfort. Featuring new technology like the TPR flexible outsole with block tread pattern, the Annabel Navy is a comfortable and lightweight shoe made for traction. The foliage print Italian leather uppers take the classic leather shoe design to the next level, style-wise. You really shouldn’t slide your shoes on or off without untying them, but Skechers knows you do it anyway, so they made this shoe with a heavily structured heel so you can easily slip in and out. This spikeless, waterproof design features the brand's lightweight and responsive cushioning with a removable insole that molds to your foot to reduce shock and increase your weight dispersion. These shoes are designed specifically for women's feet and feature the signature traction and square-toe design that allows players to effectively transfer power during the swing. Comfortable, durable and designed for women's feet, these shoes will help you battle the elements with a waterproof design and maximum turf traction. This model also features the company's signature technology for optimal ground connection. The mesh design makes these shoes lightweight and breathable. The signature square toe box allows the toes to spread naturally, creating a wide base and increasing ground-force connection, letting players harness their full power potential. Great for on and off the course, these leather shoes with suede detailing were inspired by 70s track shoes. The lightweight, easy-to-pack design makes them perfect for travel, and the spikeless sole will help you grip the turf when you swing. The shoe runs small, so size up half a size, or a full size for wider feet. This classic design is reminiscent of a 70s tennis shoe and features a cushioned midsole and flexible outer sole to bring you maximum comfort on the course. With the high-rebound eva and studded rubber sole, you won’t have to worry about slipping during your swing. Yes, it’s made from recycled leather just like the men’s version. It also features a one-piece rubber-stitched outsole that is meant to last while providing stability. The “wrinkle-free” midsole makes it easy to keep these shoes clean, too. Yes, you want traction (and Under Armour’s lightweight rotational resistance traction system delivers it), but you also want a sock-like fit. The fully-knit upper provides that, but also is treated to keep the feet cool and dry. Reporting and editing by Keely Levins, Daria Delfino, Jared Goldstein, Greg Gottfried, E. Michael Johnson, Maddi MacClurg, Lauren Occhipinti, Derek Reid, Brittany Romano and Mike Stachura. USE OF AND/OR REGISTRATION ON ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF OUR VISITOR AGREEMENT (UPDATED 1/6/23), PRIVACY AND COOKIES NOTICE (UPDATED 1/4/23) AND CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE. GOLF DIGEST MAY EARN A PORTION OF SALES FROM PRODUCTS THAT ARE PURCHASED THROUGH OUR SITE AS PART OF OUR AFFILIATE PARTNERSHIPS WITH RETAILERS. THE MATERIAL ON THIS SITE MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED, DISTRIBUTED, TRANSMITTED, CACHED OR OTHERWISE USED, EXCEPT WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF DISCOVERY GOLF, INC. © 2023  DISCOVERY GOLF, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

by Independent Golf Reviews. In our search for the best women’s golf shoes 2023 has to offer, we’ve compiled picks from the luxury sphere to the highly affordable options, leather to full synthetic material options, and casual street style to classic posh looks. With winter approaching, we decided to include some options that will keep our lady’s feet warm and protected in wet weather conditions, as well as breathable choices that feel good if you want to get ahead and prepare for the next season. G/FORE Welt Stud Gallivanter Women's Golf Shoe. High Quality Materials. FootJoy Fuel Women's Golf Shoe. Highly Durable Materials and Construction. G/FORE Limited Edition Kiltie Disruptor Women's Golf Shoes. Sleek. Stylish. Performing. The G/FORE Welt Stud Gallivanter golf shoes combine an athletic fit with premium waterproof leather in signature G/FORE colorways. The shoe’s upper features metallic gold and silver stud details that really make the Gallivanters stand out amongst the crowd without seeming too flashy. The Gallivanters feature built in cleats designed for optimal on-course traction. The footbed is washable, anti-microbial, features triple density foam cushioning, comfort system technology improving airflow, and a massage for the soles of your feet. It’s clear G/Fore has thought of everything when it comes to creating luxury level golf shoes for women. Their only message to consumers is the design of the Gallivanters can run a little narrow, so if you’re between sizes, they recommend you order up a size! Quality Materials & Construction. FootJoy describes their Fuel Women’s golf shoes as “Sneaker Inspired Spikeless Golf Shoes.”. Durable, waterproof materials go into the construction of the FootJoy Fuel’s. FJ has a warranty that this golf shoe will be waterproof in regular use for one year! Lightweight cushioning “Stratolite” foam delivers lightweight cushioning and ensures the ultimate comfortable fit for walking round after round. The “Power Stabilizer” outsole features tour-proven traction with an all new “Stability Bridge” that provides optimal support to players’ feet and ankles. Our favorite feature of the FootJoy Fuel’s has to be that it is effortless to clean! Just a damp cloth can quickly remedy wet conditions and muddy days. 1 Year Waterproof Warranty. This limited edition “Kiltie Disruptor” style from G/FORE has nothing but rave reviews online, and we think they’ve earned their reputation. This is G/FORE’s take on a classic look with very elegant coloring and colorways to choose from. The design includes decorative zigzag details, fringe leather paneling (or “Kiltie”), and it doesn’t fall short of style or comfort. G/FORE uses the same outsold as their Gallivanter that earned our top spot, just with a much more street style shoe look. The Kiltie Disruptor features waterproof pebble full grain leather, a removable “kiltie” attachment, and the same washable and removable anti-microbial triple density foam footbed that massages your feet. On top of everything else, G/FORE promises, “No break-in needed!” The fully padded interior with anti-microbial mesh lining is comfortable and performs right out of the box. This beautiful shoe is also offered in some stunning colorways. We encourage you to check them out for yourself! Beautiful Street Style/Classic Look. Sleek Colorways Available. This is FootJoy’s take on a “modern classic” type design. The Sport Retro Kiltie is last season’s feature design and is seeing a significant price drop while still looking fabulous. A molded rubber outsole delivers increased grip and traction while the spikeless aspect retains flexibility and comfort, ideal for playing in diverse conditions. FootJoy keeps its one year waterproof warranty and says their Sport Retro lady’s golf shoe features “DuraMax,” a proprietary rubber compound that provides turf gripping, performance, and durability. Keeping with the “classic” aspect of the design, FootJoy offers some subdued and classic colorways with this selection. Quality Construction and Materials. The Traditions are by far the most popular shoe FootJoy has ever produced. FootJoy traditions are known for their traction and how easily they are maintained round after round. Once again, FootJoy promises a one year waterproof warranty. On top of that, they use premium synthetic leather in the construction and a foam midsole to keep the shoes very lightweight. A lightweight insert system is used to keep the cleats in place or allow players to replace their cleats after a season of use. The women’s Traditions from FootJoy utilize the “Fast Twist 3.0 Cleat System” with Pulsar Spikes. Much to the delight of golfers everywhere, FootJoy announced they now have a “Design My Own” feature on their website for the classic Traditions style for both Men and Women’s golf shoes. "Design My Own" Feature. The FootJoy Flex women’s golf shoes are known for their lightweight and super comfortable design. If you or the lady golfer in your life complains of aching feet after a round, the Flex can likely fix that problem. The “Performance Mesh” used in the construction of the Flex delivers incredible all-day comfort and makes them exceptionally breathable spikeless golf shoes. The “VersaTrax” outsole is engineered with traction elements to create a show that is perfect for on course performance with more “wear to the golf course” versatility. Lastly, the “Performa Sport Last” builds a rounded, more roomy fit to the toe section, perfect for long or hilly walking rounds. Built with Comfort In Mind. Great Option for Hilly Terrain or Long Walking Rounds. Engineered for a comfortable and confident stride from tee to green, these premiere series golf shoes from ECCO lets players focus on what matters, the golf. Combining ECCO Yak leather with waterproof GORE-TEX construction, feet are kept dry and comfortable in any type of weather conditions. The BOA system along the tongue of the shoes makes for an easy perfect fit feeling every time players put them on. Turn the dial to tighten or loosen the fit, and you’re done. An innovative “ECCO Tri-Fi-Grip” outsole promotes stability, durability, and rotational support throughout a player’s round. On top of all the ECCO BIOM Hybrid 3’s performance boosting features, ECCO offers them in 5 different unique color combinations. Yak Leather Upper, BOA System. Some of the most “sneaker-looking” golf shoes we have on our list today, the Puma Laguna Fashion Sport women’s golf shoes are genuinely fashionable. They feature “Performance Mesh” material that provides an athletic style, while the “Fusion Foam” midsole provides players with all day comfort. The “Crystal-Carbon” rubber outsole has strategically placed traction points that aid players’ grip throughout their swing, while large “Fusion Foam” windows in the heel and under the balls of players’ feet deliver ground interaction feels and forgiving cushioning. Our favorite feature of the Laguna Fusion Sport has to be that PUMA offers it in TEN different color options and that they are around 1/2 the price of most women’s golf shoes. The Adidas S2g BOAs are made from at least 50% recycled content representing one of Adidas’ solutions to help end plastic waste. The “Bounce” midsole, made famous by Adidas’s tennis shoes, provides cushioning and flexibility to keep players feeling good throughout a round. The cleated “V-Traxion” outsole delivers a solid grip for stability on variable terrain. The BOA Fit System lets players dial in their precise, perfect fit, and the waterproof materials used in the construction of the Adidas S2 g’s keep players’ feet dry in wet conditions. Adidas adds a sporty graphic to each colorway’s background pattern for a finishing touch and a bit of flare when closely inspected. Replaceable & Removable Spikes. Get ready for a casual afternoon on the course with the Skechers GO GOLF 600 Sandal women’s golf shoes. This has to be the most “Sporty” looking women’s golf shoe on our list today and features heathers jersey straps with a “Goga Max” cushioned footbed for ultimate all day walking support. These shoes can most certainly be worn on and off the golf course and feature a golf-style spikeless TPU outsole for added stability while walking on all types of terrain. The midsole also features “memory foam like” material that helps absorb impact while walking. Lightweight Yet Durable. Inspired by the iconic Nike Roshe, the Roshe G women’s golf shoes are built to elevate your look and comfort with plush, breathable materials. The Nike Roshe G’s feature a fully integrated traction pattern that means you’ll be just as comfortable on concrete as on the golf course. Nike boasts there’s “no break-in” needed with the Roshe G golf shoes as they are comfortable and cushioning from their very first wear. At a remarkably affordable price point, the Nike Roshe G’s are offered in what would appear to be endless combinations of colors. Every time we thought we found every colorway, another new one would appear, so we’d like to safely assume these golf shoes have the most color variations on our list today at over 20. Most Color Options Available. Get Golf Discounts & Giveaways from the top brands and stores in golf.Sign up below to be automatically entered in this months giveaway. You are now an official member of IGR. Keep an eye out for the perks. Writers of Independent Golf ReviewsIndependent Golf Reviews has tested and reviewed 1000+ golf products over the past 10 years. We use our experience and expertise to give golfers an unbiased insight on the market. Read more…. Receive the best golf discounts available exclusively for our subscribers and be auto entered into our monthly golf giveaways! You are now an official member of IGR. Keep an eye out for the perks. About Us Submit Your ProductContact. Full DisclosurePrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions. © 2023 Independent Golf Reviews.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. From suede loafers to classic wingtips. SOMETIMES, A pair of white sneakers, slip-ons, boat shoes, etc. just won’t fly. We’re, of course, talking about the required footwear for interviews, working in the office, weddings, cocktail parties—any occasion whose dress code is anywhere between business casual and formal: a pair of comfortable dress shoes for men. Sure, you might not wear dress shoes every day, but when it comes time to wear them for the aforementioned occasions, there’s no alternative other than putting on the best dress shoes and looking your best in them. Therefore, style experts often deem it wise to purchase a pair of men’s dress shoes before you need to wear them: shopping for the most comfortable dress shoes for men now means you can avoid the stress (and blistered heels) that come with panic shopping and breaking in. Best Chelsea Boots | Best Black Sneakers | Best Leather Sneakers | Best Summer Shoes. Dress shoes for men don't have to be expensive or complicated or boring, either. It's nice to have a pair of tuxedo shoes and dress boots for more formal affairs, or a pair of loafers and dress sneakers for business casual gigs. Below, our picks of the 20 best dress shoes for men will get you ready for any dress-up moments. An Oxford is the OG dress shoe, with a closed lacing for a streamlined silhouette. If you're looking for a dress shoe that feels like a sneaker, Cole Haan's dress shoes have you covered. This option has a hyper-cushioned rubber sole so your feet feel supported. Urban dwellers can’t just stick with the same pair of old-school dress shoes when having to splash through the dreary, rainy days that lead the change of seasons. Keep your fine Italian loafers in the closet when inclement weather threatens and go for these solid and waterproof leather wingtips. They still boast loads of polish while offering a tough rubber outsole that absorbs the shock of sprinting through downpours in the concrete jungle. When mixing up your dress shoes, sometimes no laces is the way to go. Monk Strap shoes are secured by a single strap or a double strap and buckle, like these Beckett Simonon shoes. They are traditionally less formal than an oxford shoe, but can still be a dressy option for work. The best assortment of dress shoes for anyone's closet includes a pair of derbies that you never have to think twice about. While derbies in general are less formal-looking, these cap-toe model are elevated by a cut than the rest, and can work with any kinds of suiting. The OG loafer, Bass Weejuns has been around since 1936, and its classic penny loafer style still looks great today. Their craftsman-like construction can hold up even after years of wear, and at under $160, it provides incredible value. An easy addition to your weekday uniform. If your shoe collection is set with a black and brown pair, you can look to expand what dress shoe actually means to you. Getting a sleek pair of boots can work for the right, less formal occasion. Chukkas were a staple among World War II soldiers and 20th-century polo players. Now they're a menswear essential since they're durable, easy to slip on, and look great with any business casual outfit. These Chukkas look more sleek than rugged, and use the brand’s signature construction to combine sporty comfort with an elegant style. The cushioned moisture-wicking footbed also provides an all-day performance. Look no further for the perfect starter dress shoes. Bruno Marc makes a pair you can wear at your standing desk and never feel pain, while looking absolutely classic and dress-code-appropriate—all under $60. If you need some everyday dress shoes for the office, these are a no-brainer. Want something even dressier? These oxfords boast a textured leather upper to ante up your dressy style by a mile and maybe some more. And the Spanish shoemaker’s craftsmanship and heritage in hand-painted patinas justify the price point. Just because you have to dress up, doesn’t mean you can’t dress easy. Take these slip-on shoes from Clarks, for instance. Their professional facade feels just right with your best office ensemble, or your best business casual chino pants, all while being the easiest to slide into. No dressy appeal is lost here. Instead, more shock-absorbing and moisture-wicking comfort is added. Venetian loafer is a style you technically shouldn’t dress down with. It’s known for the elegant simplicity of having an upper embellished with nothing but its own flair of velvet or leather. Peter Millar’s performance take in a supple water-resistant suede looks clean-cut enough for the office, but feels sophisticated enough for some fancy dinners, making the pair one of the most versatile dress shoes you can own. For occasions whose dress code is more relaxing pr up-to-your-own-discretion, dress sneakers can take precedence over loafers, oxfords, or other hardcore dress shoes. Cole Haan’s star has the dressy, brogue-like perforated upper that you’ve always wanted, but the sneaker sole you’d always prefer to walk in every day. And it’s lined to resist against weather too. Look, you can never go wrong with any Allen Edmond dress shoe, but this cap toe Oxford is especially solid because specifically, it’s a pair of brogues—with a multi-piece build, decorative leather upper, serration along the edges, all that. It is a timeless shape that will last you years. A little bit old-school but definitely purposeful and versatile enough for it all. We have a rare breed here—a pair of brogue derbies that’s an absolute stunner. From the classic lace-up to the elegant broguing details to the casual derby form to the supple calf suede, these dress shoes boast a handsome design that speaks for themselves. And they go exceptionally well with any color of suiting—navy, grey, black, anything. Chelsea boots are worth slipping on anywhere, any day. But they come alive the most as dress shoes. Charles Tyrwhitt makes a pair in a traditional heeled profile that still looks modern, in Goodyear welt construction that can last for years, then be repaired or resoled for even more. The cap-toe is a sleek, timeless option to have in your dress shoe repertoire. It’s defined by a line of stitching that draws a border between the toe from the rest of the shoe. And this comfortable yet premium pair combines that classic shape with a soft leather upper that gets better with age. At this price, it can last you years and decades, from the most formal events to the most business casual hangouts. Plain toes, on the other hand, have no line of stitching that separates the toe from the rest, and as such don a smooth, seamless look throughout, for the men who prefer a clean, minimalist style for dressing up. And the shine in these BOSS plain-toe oxfords gives the standard silhouette a refined, sleek update. Considered to be a staple in every man's shoe wardrobe, lace-up shoes are the cornerstone of dress shoes thanks to their timeless appeal and everyday wearability. Plus, these leather wingtip lace-up dress shoes are made with a cushioned footbed and a treaded Vibram® sole that'll ground your every step. Here’s a pair of plain-toes you can wear to the office, the mall, the bar, the vacation, the dinner—anything where but the gym or your own home. We’re not saying this just because of its balanced dressy-casual appeal. Its waterproof build, breathability, arch support, and all-day comfort cement it as the dress shoes you can walk anywhere in. Because dress shoes are such a timeless concept, it only takes a bit of futzing with the details to get something new. M.Gemi's loafer has a little leather twist on the front, making them special but not informal. As Men's Health's Deputy Editor, Commerce, Christian Gollayan oversees all shopping content on menshealth.com. He relocated back to New York by way of Portland, where he was the Associate Managing Editor at TheManual.com. Christian's work has also been featured in InStyle, Food & Wine, the New York Post, and Tatler Asia. Maverick Li is the Style & Commerce Editor of Men’s Health, where he covers clothing, footwear, watches, and grooming. He was previously the Assistant Commerce Editor at Esquire. 18 Retro Sneakers That Will Forever Be in Style. 20 Handsome Leather Sneakers to Elevate Your Fits. 16 Dress Sneakers for Every Budget and Occassion. 16 Sleek Slip-On Shoes for Every Guy’s Budget. 24 Chelsea Boots Worth Slipping on Anywhere. 14 Work Boots That Look as Good as They Perform. Ashton Kutcher's Go-To Sneakers Are Only $79. The Best Trail Running Shoes for Men. Shop Hoka's Presidents' Day Sale Styles. 22 Summer Shoes for Every Style and Occasion. 12 Dress Boots to Upgrade Your Formal Footwear. Here's How to Shop Rihanna's Super Bowl Sneakers. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. And where to buy them at every price point. A great pair of dress shoes isn't just a worthy investment, it's a necessity. Sure, sneakers have their place, but there are times when even the best of 'em just won't do. Whether it's a wedding or a funeral, a job interview or a meeting with the head honchos from corporate, some occasions demand footwear that's as refined as it is timeless. Although it's definitely been a while, the time has come to bust out the sweetest pair of dress shoes in your arsenal again. Indeed, there are options out there for every style. And when it comes to price, don't be afraid of laying down a few extra bucks if you're able. That doesn't mean you have to spend outside your budget, but paying more for quality means you'll have a pair of shoes you can wear for years down the line, not months. And the best way to ensure you're spending that money wisely? Know the playing field. That way you'll find something that fits squarely within your wardrobe, and won't hurt your wallet in the process. With that in mind, here are the eight definitive dress shoe styles—the oxford, derby, brogue, loafer, chukka, Chelsea boot, monk strap, and Venetian slipper—every guy needs to know now and always. If you're going to have just one pair of dress shoes in your closet, you should consider an oxford first. It's the style that can go with your most formal options, so you'll never be out of luck for a big work event—or if you have to throw on a tux. That's thanks to the oxford's "closed-throat" construction, in which the leather around the laces (the quarters) meets at the base, where it's sewn into the vamp, the leather that stretches down your instep and towards the toe. Honestly, though, you don't have to spend too much time on the terminology. Just look at the top of the shoe, near the eyelets. Does it form a "V" instead of a set of parallel lines? You've got an oxford, and that sleek silhouette means your going to look properly pulled-together for any dressed-up occasion. Derbies are technically a little less formal than oxfords, but don't let that worry you too much. A good pair can work with just about any kind of suit (though maybe not a tux, if you're going to be surrounded by black-tie traditionalists). Plus, the open-throat silhouette—the leather around the laces runs parallel, and over the vamp—can pull double duty with everything from jeans to tweed trousers. If you're the kind of guy who wears a suit with some regularity, but also needs a pair of shoes on hand that'll work for date night on the weekend, derbies won't do you wrong. When we're talking brogues, we're not talking about a silhouette, but the detailing that goes on top of it. The signature perforations were originally a functional thing, designed to let water drain out of the shoes worn to tromp through Irish bogs. Now, it's ornamental, but still a mainstay of modern dress shoes. You might also know brogues as wingtips, and there's a good reason for that. Two of the main styles you'll find have decorative "wings" fanning out from the toe of the shoe. With longwings, they wrap all the way around to the back of the shoe. With shortwings, they wrap to about mid-foot. Of course, you can also find brogueing on cap-toes and other design elements. And those elements might be on a pair of derbies, oxfords, monkstraps, or even ankle boots. With brogues, it's all a matter of personal taste. For a while there, some folks thought loafers were too casual to wear with a suit. Just ask your dad—or maybe your granddad. Thankfully, those days are long gone. Now, the slip-on style comes in shapes sleek and stylish enough to wear with even your sharpest two-button. Penny loafers and bit loafers are the iterations you'll see the most often. On pennies, there's a strap across the shoe with a cutout that, according to loafer lore, was designed to hold a penny (it probably wasn't, though it's still a fun story). Bit loafers feature a metal piece across the foot that's purely for show, but still looks cool. Chukkas are kind of a wild card. Some are decidedly not meant for dressy occasions, and would be more at home at a construction site than in a boardroom. Others, though? They're every bit as refined as the rest of the styles on this list. The trick is to focus on a streamlined silhouette and elevated construction. Generally, that means the shorter-than-average boots will have a narrower toe and clean lines leading up to an ankle that'll sit nicely under a pair of suit trousers. Look for that, plus a not-too-chunky sole, and you'll be in good shape. From Queen Victoria to Mods to Daniel Craig, the Chelsea boot has been worn by the biggest British trendsetters. And though it was popularized by WASPs and named after an affluent neighborhood in London, the style has since become one of the most democratic and global shoes out there. It is an ankle-height boot usually made of leather or suede that can be worn in summer or winter, or on-duty or off-duty. The Chelsea boot especially looks great with a fitted suit with tapered trousers. Think the Beatles in the ’60s. Need we say more? Not a fan of laces, but still want security? Look no further than the monk strap. The shoe is distinguished for either single or double straps (there are a few instances, however, when there are more) that fold over the vamp and are fastened at the ends by buckles. It reputedly originated in Europe during the 15th century, worn primarily by monks—hence its name. Several centuries later, particularly around the 1920s, the monk strap became the go-to shoe for gentlemen who, owing to history, preferred something reserved and elevated. And though that sentiment still holds true, in recent decades, many brands began to reinvent the style, casting their designs in exotic leathers and bold colors. Unlike the penny or the horesbit (see above), the Venetian loafer can't really go casual. Leisurely, perhaps, but not casual. It is the fanciest shoe around; the kind of style worn while smoking a Cuban with a glass of sherry, or to one of those dinners with place cards and an excessive amount of silverware. Some versions of the Venetian loafer are referred to as smoking or dinner slippers for this very reason. Distinguished by an upper—usually made of leather or velvet—that's devoid of all flourishes, it's shoe that shows luxury at its most pure and simple. Prop styling by Miako Katoh. Photography by Allie Holloway. Barry Samaha is the former style commerce editor at Esquire, where he covered all things fashion and grooming. Previously, he was an editor at Harper’s Bazaar, Surface, and WWD, along with overseeing editorial content at Tod’s Group. He has also written for The Daily Beast, Coveteur, Departures, Paper, Bustle Group, Forbes, and many more. He is based in New York City and can't seem to find enough closet space for all his shoes. Avidan Grossman is the Style eCommerce Editor at Esquire, covering men’s fashion, shoes, grooming, and accessories. He spends way too much time deciding what to wear. Needless to say, his parents still have no idea what he does. 12 Best Harrington Jackets for Men. Men's Skirts Are Ready for the Mainstream. Where to Buy Kendall Roy's Gucci Sneakers. The 13 Best, Most Stylish Blazers Under $200. Five Fits With: NBA Star Serge Ibaka. How to Get the 'Daisy Jones & The Six' Look. This Week's Best Menswear Releases. Pedro Pascal's 'The Last of Us' Jacket. 20 Best Waterproof Sneakers For Every Rainy Day. The 17 Best Linen Pants For Easy, Breezy Wear. The Best Chinos on Amazon Cost Less Than $100. The 15 Best Short Sleeve Button-Ups for Men. A Part of Hearst Digital Media. Every product was carefully curated by an Esquire editor. We may earn a commission from these links. ©Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

88 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Brides / Lecia Landis. Selecting a suit or tuxedo for your wedding day is key, but choosing the right pair of dress shoes is just as important. After all, shoes complete the look! Finding a designer or brand you can rely on for both style and comfort is critical—whether you’re a groom looking for a pair of unique, made-to-order dress shoes or a wedding guest on the hunt for a pair of oxfords or loafers that will last you years to come. To narrow down your choices, consider the comfort, construction, and overall quality of a brand's shoe line. It's also important to consider the formality of the event—black tie affairs call for tuxedo shoes while semi-formal weddings will have a more casual dress code—as well as your personal style. With so many men's dress shoes on the market, we researched the best options with these features in mind. We also spoke with luxury shoe designer Enrico Cuini for his expert insight. From luxury to casual designs, we’re sharing our top picks. Read on to find the best men's dress shoe brands. Choosing a pair of made-for-you dress shoes for the big day adds a unique touch to your wedding look. Beckett Simonon is all about crafting handmade, high-quality custom dress shoes that are made to last—at a reasonable price. On top of that, the brand offers a variety of different styles to choose from. And, because of their made-to-order business model, Beckett Simonon shoes have a layer of sustainability, too. Purchasing a pair of these men's dress shoes promotes smarter consumption, lean production with zero unsold inventory, and less waste. Prices starting at: $219. If comfort is at the top of your must-list for men’s dress shoes, Cole Haan always delivers. Known for putting a comfortable, supportive twist on classic designs (without sacrificing style), Cole Haan shoes are some of the most comfortable dress shoes on the market. From classic cap-toe oxfords to stylish sneaker-inspired dress shoes, the brand blends comfort technology and traditional design for a lifetime of wear. Prices starting at: $140. When shopping for a pair of men’s dress shoes, we like options—and Magnanni has them all. Whether your special occasion attire calls for something classic like a pair of lace-up shoes or something more sophisticated like buttery leather loafers, Magnanni has a wide selection of stylish men’s dress shoes—including some with extra flair (we love the Magnanni Marco II Monk Strap Shoe). The brand even features a line of stylish wedding-appropriate sandals for destination events. Prices starting at: $298. From patent leather lace-ups to dress boots, Bruno Magli’s collection of men’s dress shoes brings a variety of designs for any special occasion ensemble. The legacy brand has been designing shoes since the 1930s, bringing authentic Italian luxury to soles for nearly 100 years. Simply put: They know how to craft a great men's dress shoe that will last for years to come. Prices starting at: $250. Ted Baker is a brand we love for comfortable special occasion attire. Their dapper Brogue designs come in a myriad of styles, including several sneaker designs for a dressed-down take on men’s dress shoes. Perfect for the casual groom or wedding guest, these designer shoes are made to hit the dance floor time and time again. Prices starting at: $170. When we think of designer dress shoes, Gucci is the first to come to mind. From timeless loafer designs to classic lace-up styles, Gucci is the go-to brand for luxurious dress shoes that never go out of style. Whether you’re a guest or shopping for your big day, choosing a pair of Gucci shoes can add a touch of class to your wedding wardrobe. And, we love how versatile their designs are. Their loafers, lace-ups, and oxfords are sophisticated enough to wear with a tuxedo or three-piece suit, yet they can also work well with a pair of slacks and a blazer. Prices starting at: $890. If you’re on the hunt for a pair of men’s dress shoes that fit the bill but still add a touch of personality, look no further than Uptown Yardie. Inspired by Jamaican heritage, the British fashion brand features a collection of artistically crafted saddle shoes (we love the option to customize with a separate Kiltie), plus the option to go full custom with their bespoke dress shoes. Prices starting at: $602. We’re big fans of Blackstock & Weber for a loafer that boasts some flair. From textured crocodile and pebbled leather to ultra soft suede and tactile denim, this Brooklyn-based dress shoe brand is all about making your shoes the statement piece. Prices starting at: $365. The way shoes look is important but, according Cuini, comfort is key. “We have all been to a wedding, or even been in one, where our feet are destroyed afterward,” he says. “I think the world is learning its lesson and people are shifting to wearing shoes that are comfortable, they can wear more than once, and fit their personal style.” So, ensure your shoes fit comfortably before making a dance-floor appearance. An important thing to consider when shopping for dress shoes is where you will wear them and what the event’s dress code is. If it's a black-tie wedding, tuxedo shoes might be the better option. If you’re attending a destination wedding, formal shoes might not even be required. “Many weddings or black-tie events are destinations so, while they may be formally dressed, we also need to address their need for warmer weather shoes like sandals,” says Cuini. “For destination weddings, the so-called traditional formal shoe is very different and an open toe and sandal is more appropriate.". As Cuini mentioned, personal style is at the forefront of the decision process when it comes to purchasing a pair of dress shoes. Choosing dress shoes that feel more “you” is important because it will make you feel more confident and stylish and also prevent them from sitting in your closet and collecting dust post-wedding. You want a shoe that you love enough to wear again and again. “A dress shoe is any shoe that is not a sneaker, boot, or a type of footwear that exposes your feet such as a sandal,” says Cuini. On the technical side, these shoes typically consist of four parts: the toe, vamp, facing, and quarter. “It’s the placement and construction of these four pieces that determine the uniqueness of a dress shoe,” he explains. According to Cuini, black-tie wedding attire is going through an update as more people choose comfort over traditional aesthetics. However, if the dress code calls for the classic black-tie look, Cuini recommends an oxford or loafer as a safe bet. “These can be brown or black, but it depends on what color tuxedo you are wearing,” he notes, adding that brown shoes tend to be slightly more casual. In addition to style, Cuini says to make sure shoes are “nicely polished” before the big day. Good news: Cuini says you don't need to wear dress shoes at your wedding. “Comfort seems to be the key component for most people today, whether you are in the wedding or just attending it,” he says. “Wearing sneakers with a suit is trending today and more people are foregoing the traditional attire to wear what makes them feel best.”. Enrico Cuini is a luxury shoe designer and co-founder of his eponymous shoe label, Enrico Cuini. Jessie Quinn is a bridal-obsessed style writer with a bachelor’s degree in fashion journalism. When researching men’s style stories—such as the best dress shoes—she is all about putting personal style and quality first. After all, you want to wear the shoes, not have the shoes wear you! And, if they are an investment item, you might want to get multiple wears out of them. The 17 Best Green Bridal Shoes for a Statement-Making Wedding Look. The 17 Best Tuxedo Shoes of 2023 For Every Style and Budget. The 16 Best Dress Shoes for Putting Your Best Foot Forward. 3 Types of Shoes All Mothers of the Bride Should Avoid Wearing. The 18 Best Sparkly Wedding Shoes of 2023. The 15 Best Men's Wedding Suits of 2023. The Newest Bridal Fashion Launches and Collaborations to Know Right Now. The 19 Best Wedding Sneakers of 2023. 15 Best Blue Wedding Shoes of 2023. The 20 Best Wedding Shoes of 2023 for All-Day Comfort. What Shoes to Wear With Every Kind of Suit. The 13 Best Designer Wedding Shoes You’ll Treasure Forever. What Does the Grandmother of the Bride Wear to a Wedding? The 15 Best Places to Buy Tuxedos. The 8 Best Websites for Wedding Suits and Tuxedos. The 11 Best Outfit Accessories You Need for Winter Engagement Photos.

